Question: What was the main reason Lizzie fell on a tree trunk?
a. Protect her cows from being drowned
b. Help her cows to get up and get up
c. Keep her feet clean from the rain.
d. Help her cows find a way to get up quickly

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Lizzie do to get her up?
a. Nancy took hold of the rope and climbed into the helicopter.
b. She climbed to the school gym.
c. The Red Cross set up an emergency shelter in the "island".
d. She climbed into the water and landed on the island from a ladder

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the rescuers do to find Nancy?
a. They put up shelter for them in a school.
b. They lowered a rope.
c. They lowered ice to catch her in the water and then put them into dangers on their farm, too!
d. They landed on the island from frightened helicopter

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is shown more clearly in human activity?
a. the clothes that we choose to wear have something to do with our values and lifestyles
b. the clothes that we choose to wear have something to do with our values and lifestyles
c. the clothes that we choose to wear are more important than those in other fields of human activity.
d. the clothes that we choose to wear have something to do with our values

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the reason for the concern of clothes?
a. women were concerned greatly about what they wore while men didn't
b. Women were not aware of what they wore while men didn't
c. Men were not aware about what they wore when women did.
d. Women were too proud to wear clothes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Michigan study about white collar workers?
a. they don't want to be laughed at
b. they are not interested in their work
c. they don't want to be judged by fellow workers.
d. they think it is a symbol of ability

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has not changed since 1955?
a. people have paid more and more attention to the importance of dress
b. the patterns of dress have changed
c. the pattern of dress has been changed.
d. people have made fun of their superiors

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Tommy's job?
a. worked hard but said little
b. was very busy
c. worked hard and said little.
d. worked hard but said little

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the mother say about Little Tommy?
a. Tommy was afraid of being nailed
b. Tommy was a catholic
c. He was not a good math teacher.
d. He was very clever

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Little Tommy's parents think of him?
a. mistakes might do good sometimes
b. mistakes are not easy
c. mistakes can be made easily.
d. mistakes may be difficult to make

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Richard Saul Wurman say about his talk?
a. He kept notes for things that he did not agree with.
b. He was very generous.
c. He was very generous of him and complimented his talk at the conference in Providence, RI."
d. He made an inventory of things that he didn't agree with

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Steve Jobs do to inspire his response?
a. The author is inspired by Steve Job's attitude towards new ideas.
b. The author is a hothead.
c. The author is a hothead in the business industry, and has a lot of ideas to share with him at once!
d. The author is a good at making a speech about his life

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Richard Saul Wurman say about his talk?
a. One should be careful when it comes to judge a new idea.
b. He was very generous.
c. One should be careful when it comes to judging something new in the end, and then give up his talk at that time."
d. One should not think deeply about something before being certain you're right

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of aircraft are unsuitable because they only stay high when moving quickly forward?
a. The fixed-wing aircraft
b. The hot-air balloon
c. The helicopter.
d. The rubber eraser

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the term for bungee jumping?
a. introduce some knowledge about bungee jumping
b. introduce some new techniques of bungeing.
c. describe the importance of jumping from a tall structure and elastic cords in it."
d. explain how to jump from movable objects

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are tailor made clothes called?
a. ready-made
b. well-dressed
c. waterproof.
d. sound-proof

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of rain does the weather have?
a. there is a lot of rain in England
b. there is a lot of rain in England
c. there is mainly snow.
d. there is a lot of rain

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a waterproof cloth that does not let through?
a. water won't get into the watch
b. water will get into the watch
c. water won't go through.
d. water will get out of the watch

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a raincoat called?
a. Compound Words in Everyday Life
b. A Good-looking Woman
c. A Well-dressed Man.
d. A Bad-dressed Woman

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a person who can't walk?
a. smile at life
b. walk
c. walk in a wheelchair.
d. walk with his friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: In what decade did blue and grey dominate in China?
a. the 1970s
b. the 1960s
c. the 1970's.
d. the 1980'

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the guest choose for every keyword?
a. special stories
b. traditional brands
c. jeans.
d. DIY

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Chinese people do to increase their living?
a. Chinese have increased their disposable income and purchasing power
b. Chinese have increased their disposable income and purchasing power
c. Chinese have increased their lifestyles.
d. Chinese have increased their living conditions

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Linda Cody say when one went, the other was going to do?
a. foresaw their father would go
b. knew they would go
c. thought their father was going to do so.
d. thought the other would go

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Kenneth Felumlee's family?
a. Four.
b. Three.
c. Four, and five."
d. Five

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Alice do as she went hunting about?
a. was afraid when the Rabbit called out to her
b. was afraid when the Rabbit called out
c. was afraid that she would run home.
d. was afraid of her being frightened

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Alice do before she had drunk half of her bottle?
a. drank something in the bottle
b. drank something in the bottle
c. put one arm out of the window.
d. put one foot up the chimney

Correct Options is a.
Question: What language did Alice use to describe her life?
a. English novel
b. English novel
c. Chinese book.
d. English novel

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the reason for Tom's death?
a. They were surprised and happy.
b. They were afraid of him.
c. They were afraid to see his aunt's death in the end, and they were afraid about it all by themselves."
d. They were afraid of him because he was too old for him to go home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the theme for The Adventure of Tom Sawyer?
a. the growth of young children
b. the freedom of people
c. social rules and bad behaviours.
d. how people are punished for bad behaviour

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Mark Twain's favorite scene?
a. ask us to read the book
b. go to his own funeral
c. find a box of gold.
d. go to the Mississippi River

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is persuasion?
a. getting other people to consider your point of view
b. influencing how others believe and behave
c. influencing how others believe or behave.
d. influencing how others believe and behave

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some people view the idea of persuasion as?
a. unwelcome behavior
b. unavoidable
c. selfless or degrading.
d. moral and unethical

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do people believe to be unavoidable?
a. that persuasion is important and it is all around us
b. that we live in a world of persuasion.
c. that we live with competing interests and it is unwelcome interruption into our lives."
d. that we live in if we practice the art of persusion

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the book that contains a good review of British cinema?
a. the manager of the cinema bookstore
b. the director of the cinema store
c. the director and star-chaser in a movie book.
d. the writer who wrote the book

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of The British Cinema Book?
a. to satisfy the customers' various tastes
b. to introduce the best Indian films
c. to give a full list of names for the famous and successful film stars in recent years.
d. to offer mainly books about Mexican, Japanese, Australian, German and Italian films

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where does the large and colourful butterfly mostly live?
a. Eastern Europe
b. Scandinavia
c. South America.
d. Scotland

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the annual Big Butterfly Count?
a. study butterflies across Britain
b. fly from Eastern Europe
c. fly to Scandinavia in recent years.
d. fly across the East coast of Britain

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the first time a wild yellow-legged Tortoiseshell has been discovered?
a. A rare butterfly appeared in Britain.
b. A rare butterfly appeared in Britain.
c. A rare butterfly was seen once there,but not yet known as the Scarce Tortoiseshell?
d. A rare butterfly has been discovered by scientists and scientists

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Luca do to help him learn and invent?
a. seek massages about the secret club of inventions
b. read widely to collect information
c. get a clear idea of what the Island was like.
d. find out the secrets of the Island

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Luca do when he heard about the island?
a. being accepted as members of the Island of Inventions
b. Visiting the Island of Inventions
c. Reading widely to collect information.
d. Having a clear idea about the Island

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Luca do when the Island of Inventions was first discovered?
a. They were disappointed, while it encouraged them to work harder.
b. They were surprised, while it encouraged them to learn.
c. They were surprised and they were not sent the invitation for help in their group at all!
d. They were surprised by the new ideas of the Island

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one reason children love Father Christmas?
a. is explaining the modern legend of Father Christmas
b. is a famous figure
c. is based on the life of a man called Nicholas.
d. is a magical figure who visits all the children in the world

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Santa Claus?
a. This story explains why parents give secret presents to children.
b. This story explains why Santa Claus is the perfect fantasy.
c. It tells us that Santa Claus is a magical figure who visits all the children of the world during Christmas Day, and then goes to St Nicholas for gifts from his family!
d. This story explains why parents give presents to children in Christmas

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Father Christmas?
a. The Legend of Santa Claus
b. The Legend of Santa Claus
c. The Legend about the Lord.
d. The Legend of the Holy Father

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a new law say about people with disabilities?
a. it was difficult for the disabled workers to find jobs in the past
b. it was difficult for the disabled workers to find jobs in the past
c. it was hard for the disabled workers not to find jobs at all.
d. it was impossible for the disabled workers to find jobs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a wheelchair?
a. who have difficulty in using their legs or feet
b. who have difficulty in using their feet
c. who have difficulty in using their feet or feet.
d. who have difficulty in putting on their feet

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a dream?
a. words known by the blind
b. a new law
c. a wheelchair.
d. a house

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the person who has been in a wheelchair for many years?
a. They must feel very excited and happy.
b. They must have a floor number.
c. They must have a wheelchair in the theatres and theatre seats for their friends to sit near them, or they should be very happy with it!
d. They must have a chair on the floor of the theatre

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a new law that helps people with disability?
a. the government wants to help these disabilities
b. the government wants to help them
c. the government wants to help those with disabilities.
d. the government wants to help them

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the question that I gave to a group of lawyers?
a. didn't give the real answer
b. didn't give the answer
c. gave the answer to it.
d. gave the answer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my friend's father say about his baby?
a. he would not be of much help
b. he would be in the care of doctors and nurses
c. he would be in the care of his wife.
d. he would be in the care of nurses

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my friend's father say about his baby?
a. He would have felt guilty if he had not been there.
b. He was too tired to play tennis.
c. He was too tired and he was too tired for his life at night, so he couldn't find the hospital right away in time of danger or not there any more."
d. He would have been very happy with his son because he was too young

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my friend's father say about his baby?
a. It is best to be here when someone needs you.
b. It is not necessary to be in the care of doctors and nurses.
c. It is important to have a good rest at night, so it is always good for you when you are in hospital with your baby's condition."
d. It is better to have a car than to have a baby boy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my friend's father say about his baby?
a. he needs to be able to feel as well as think logically
b. he needs to be able to get along well with his wife
c. he needs to be able to make friends and have a good rest.
d. he needs to be able to feel as well as think clearly

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason humans can make deserts?
a. small pointed growth on the stem  of a plant.
b. The wind blows.
c. The sun shine, the sun blowing and time are endless in space."
d. The size of the world' a desert is always changing

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is there no living thing in a desert?
a. There aren't any living things in the deserts.
b. There aren't any living things in the deserts.
c. There are no living things on earth, there isn' a living thing at home and abroad to live with them all over it!
d. There are not any living things in the deserts

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can humans do to prevent?
a. the growth of deserts
b. the growth of deserts
c. the development in desert areas.
d. the change of climate

Correct Options is a.
Question: What country is planting a wall around Nouakchott?
a. African countries
b. Iran
c. India.
d. India

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does man do in order for humans?
a. Man is to take measures to control the growth of the world's deserts.
b. Man is to make a living in the deserts.
c. Man is to build long canals for the growth of the world's desert areas and plants on bikes, men are not allowed by law or laws at all!
d. Man is to keep the water from growing around Nouakchott

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Nelson Mandel hardly know about?
a. Unknown things about Nelson Mandela.
b. His life and career.
c. His personal experiences in prison, too!
d. His own law firm

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Nelson Mandela forget his glasses when he was released from prison?
a. Because he appreciated the strategy in boxing.
b. Because he was too young to exercise.
c. Because he didn't like the science of boxing at all, and he didn' not want to be banned from his school in Africa or South Africans there any more now than before."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Nelson Mandela forget when he was released from prison?
a. He had to use his wife's glasses.
b. He had to borrow Winnie's.
c. He had to take his own law firm in Cape Town, Johannesburg and South Africa for a law degree at the age of nine years old."
d. He had to get a law degree while studying hard

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long did he spend in prison?
a. Nelson Mandela had been studying the law nonstop for 50 years.
b. He had been studying law for 27 years.
c. His reading glasses were not used in prison at all, but he didn't have any knowledge of boxing and running during his youth."
d. He had been working as a boxing fan since he was a child

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason people who struggle with mood problems or addiction can safely quit smoking?
a. Quitting smoking may help to improve mental health.
b. Quitting smoking leads to an improvement in mental health.
c. Smoking is a good way of treating mental problems and depressions, as well as alcohol or drug issues for people who have mood problems ou addiction are not healthy enough at all!
d. Quitting smoking can help to improve mental health outcomes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the cause of a lower risk of depression?
a. Quitting smoking may help avoid alcohol and drug problems.
b. Quitting smoking leads to a better mental health outcome.
c. Smoking is a good way of treating mental problems and illness, too!
d. Quitting smoking can help reduce the number of cigarettes daily

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Cavazos-Rehg believe was the cause of the difference in what?
a. There is a strong link between mental health and quitting smoking.
b. The serious health risks associated with smoking make it important for doctors to work with their patients.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Cavazos-Rehg believe the serious health risks associated with smoking make it important for doctors to work with their patients to quit?
a. A health report
b. A study
c. An advertisement.
d. A research report

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a greater amount of learning loss for children?
a. spend little time learning
b. spend little time reading
c. have a lot of homework.
d. spend much time in school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to prevent learning loss?
a. Summer programs can be helpful for children.
b. Children can read every day.
c. Parents can help children learn more easily in summertimes, and they can do so by reading daily books at school for free!
d. Children can have fun during the summer break because of their learning experience

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who makes sure the summer months are a time of continued learning?
a. Parents
b. Teachers
c. Children.
d. Teachers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Houston study?
a. tell medical histories of hypertension patients
b. tell stories of patients' experiences in living with and treating their hypertension
c. explain how the story-telling influenced the patients.
d. show how people have different opinions on medical treatment

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Houston believe was a powerful tool in medicine?
a. communication has some medical effects
b. lifestyle therapies.
c. story-telling can help people become healthier and more healthy."
d. stories have a positive effect on the patients' behavior

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the researchers study to test?
a. Medical treatments of blood pressure.
b. Lifestyle therapies.
c. The role of story-telling in lowering blood pressure, and lifestyle therapy alone."
d. How to control the effects of stories on patients' behavior

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Frank Warren create in his art project?
a. offer a safe place for people to share their secrets
b. send postcards to people
c. send people emails telling their secrets.
d. collect some stamps and instruments

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Frank's job?
a. He has developed a good relationship with Frank.
b. He has created a website for Frank.
c. He has published six books full of secrets with Frank's secret and his wife is very happy about it!
d. He has made a lot of money to help the PostSecret community

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Frank Warren do about his work?
a. He created an art project without telling his wife.
b. He wrote six books full of the secrets.
c. He sent letters to his wife and wife every Sunday, he chooses 10 secrets on the website for free in Maryland!
d. He gave mail to the U.S. Postal Service after he published the first book

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the year that Glastonbury Festival has been a successful event?
a. The festival has achieved growing success.
b. The festival has been held in London, Paris and Berlin.
c. The festival has been held on a profit-making basis for many years now!
d. The festival has been held to raise money from international charities

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did fans pay to attend?
a. Tickets for the 2004 Glastonbury Festival were in great demand despite the high price.
b. The tickets for the 2004 Glastonbury Festival were sold out within three hours.
c. Tickets for the 2004 Glastonbury Festival were sold out in three hours and sold out immediately after they attended it again!
d. Tickets for the 2004 Glastonbury Festival were paid by the fans to pay PS112 each

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most popular festival in the UK?
a. The Glastonbury Festival
b. The Live 8 concert
c. The Live 8 concerts.
d. The Rock Band

Correct Options is a.
Question: What company adapted the Pipilu Sending You 100 Lives?
a. Star Dream Factory
b. Zheng Yuanjie
c. Guo Yan.
d. The Atre

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main purpose of Pipilu Sending You 100 Lives?
a. how we can live a safer life in an understandable way
b. how to make a play for kids
c. how to show children how to be safe in society.
d. how we can get along well with the families

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the book 'Pipilu Sending You 100 Lives' do?
a. is more important to people than any other things
b. is more popular than any other thing
c. is more popular with children as well.
d. is more popular among the kids

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Pipilu Sending You 100 Lives?
a. introduce a book and its homonymous play to the readers
b. introduce a book and its play to the readers
c. introduce a book with its audience in China.
d. introduce a book about the safety of children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do authors believe is a reason that unhappily married couples are likely to start their divorce?
a. More people search for key words about divorce early in the year.
b. More people are prepared to file for divorce.
c. People are not satisfied with their marriages because of their kids' involvement in the process and timelessness, too!
d. People don't want to ruin a family getaway or that they drive the already-dissatisfied to divorce

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do authors believe is the reason for divorce?
a. Couples see more marital problems in their vacation trips.
b. People are not satisfied with their marriages.
c. People don't want to ruin a family getaway or that they have missed the train at Christmas time, too!
d. People don'T want to ruin a family vacation because of their kids involved in it

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why was the last time someone did something unexpectedly nice for you?
a. Because she was doing poorly in her study.
b. Because she was sitting in misfortune.
c. Because she was recovering from a bad grade at the table of her study, and that's not a total stranger or someone you knew there are two instances really stand out to me now?

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the waitress say about a man?
a. He was generous and warm-hearted.
b. He was kind and kind.
c. He was very kind but friendly to him, too!
d. He was a good man with an excellent attitude towards his life

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the person who walked out with me?
a. The Kindness of Strangers
b. The Greatest of Strangers
c. The Greatest Of All Things.
d. The Kindness and the Happiest

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Emperor Shah Jahan' heir to Mumtaz Mahal?
a. memorise his wife
b. Become a soldier
c. Be a soldier.
d. Be a soldier

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the people who built it?
a. All workers building the Taj Mahal came from Central Asia.
b. The emperor was heart-broken.
c. They were all from India and Central Asia, too!
d. They were all from Australia but all over the world

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long did the Taj Mahal take to be built?
a. lived a hard life in his last few years
b. stayed in prison until his death
c. lived for more than 20 years.
d. lived for more than 20 years

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Andrew do when he left his house?
a. asked for a lift to go back home
b. asked his wife to open the door
c. told his wife not to stay in it.
d. asked his wife to open the door

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Andrew think about the burglary?
a. he was sure he would pleasently surprise his wife
b. he was sure his wife would be safe
c. he was sure his wife would be very happy to see him.
d. he was afraid that the house wouldn't be safe

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Andrew think about his wife?
a. they concluded that Andrew's story was a complete invention.
b. they were very happy to see Andrew.
c. They were very excited about the door of his house in a dark way, and it was hard for them not to wake up at all!
d. They thought Andrew was a sound sleeper because of the burglar-proof house

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the newspaper that shows how many people are on call?
a. a newspaper
b. a newspaper
c. an advertisement.
d. pc

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the study show?
a. smartphones might turn a person into a workaholic
b. Smartphones are more smart than smartphones
c. Smartphones are more useful to people in a work capacity.
d. Smartphones are more important for people' health

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for a smartphone being more smart than you think?
a. Smartphones are lengthening working hours.
b. Smartphones are a good choice.
c. Smartphones are more expensive than phones in the world, and they are not as smart to you personally or professionally!
d. Smartphones are better for people'ing health

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many sisters does my brother have to watch?
a. 8
b. 4
c. 5
d. 6

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to him when he was hit by a pick-up truck?
a. he lost the functions of his lower body
b. he lost his lower body
c. he lost use of the lower two-thirds.
d. a bus stopped

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does my brother do when he isn't doing things he did but can' not now?
a. sometimes takes more responsibilities
b. does many things
c. does many things.
d. does some things

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Chinese zoo do in 1969?
a. a volcano is born
b. a panda is born
c. swans are living in the pond.
d. a pandas are living on

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the quakes happen to?
a. When the plates end up on top of each other.
b. When the earth's covering is not smooth.
c. When the earth's crust float on top of each other and its surface becomes hot rock, or plates).
d. When the Earth's layer is thicker than ocean floors

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the type of vehicle that can be used in most families?
a. not every family has a car
b. a car
c. a car and a truck.
d. a car

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do mothers do when the kids are too young?
a. they can take turns driving their children to school
b. they can drive their children to school
c. they can drive them away from the school.
d. they can drive their children home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for a car pool?
a. too many cars are being driven
b. It is too small
c. it is too big.
d. it is too large

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the Ariau Amazon Towers hotel offer?
a. You can sleep in tree houses.
b. You can travel between the towers.
c. You can choose a hot or cold room for a true experience, and you can choose if you want to stay at least one night in ice hotel."
d. You can have a work of art by yourself

Correct Options is a.
Question: How much does the price of the Ariau Amazon Towers hotel cost?
a. $111
b. $111
c. $91.
d. $3000

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where is the website of The Ice Hotel located?
a. http://www.bahamabeachclub.com
b. http://www.propeller-island.com
c. http://www.ariautowers. com
d. http://www.propeller-isLand.org

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the special kind of hotel built in Jukkasjarvi, Sweden?
a. The Ice Hotel.
b. Propeller Island City Lodge.
c. Ariau Amazon Towers and the Tarzan Suite Hotel, all of which are large enough for a big family to sleep in at least one night."
d. The Tarzan Suite

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are two reasons we believe Coteborg University is popular?
a. the high quality education and research and the wide range of courses
b. the high quality of our education and research
c. the wide range of courses that we offer.
d. the rich and varied cultural life

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Coteborg University's culture?
a. The cultural life of the university is very rich.
b. The cultural life of the university is very rich.
c. The culture of the university is very varied and interesting to students in all areas, from theatres, concerts or festivals there as well!
d. The cultural life of the university is very different with many activities

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Cotomo university's aim?
a. To attract students all over the world to apply for Coteborg University.
b. To attract more students to join Coteborg University.
c. To provide a rich and varied cultural life for students in Cotomo university, as well as student life of the university itself."
d. To meet the ever-changing demands of society

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did David Boone write about his family life?
a. His facing acts of violence.
b. His family life.
c. His education in Harvard University, and his college career."
d. His desire for knowledge to be a great student

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did David Boone do to help his family?
a. courage when facing difficulties
b. a lot of money
c. lots of money to help him.
d. A lot of money for his family

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of David Boone's blog post?
a. Grateful.
b. Excited.
c. Unbelievable and afraid to others' help!
d. Uninterested

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is David Boone's journey from?
a. From a park bench to a Harvard dormitory An incredible story
b. From a park bench to a Harvard dormitory
c. To a park benches and a Harvard dorm room.
d. From gangs to economic hardships

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the common response to a cold or flu?
a. someone sneezes.
b. Someone scream.
c. someone sneezes, and it is serious!
d. Someone screams

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many days after becoming sick are you able to get flu vaccination?
a. 6
b. 5
c. 6
d. 7

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to prevent a flu?
a. what to do about flu.
b. how to get a flu vaccination.
c. how to get a flu vaccine every year, and not infect others at all!
d. how to keep healthy when getting ill

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way to prevent a cold?
a. people with the virus of flu but having no symptoms can still infect others.
b. The flu is spread from person to person.
c. The virus of the flu can spread quickly and easily infect others for five days after becoming sick, too!
d. The vaccine is only effective every year but it is not effective

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the signal that you give to someone?
a. Shout or whistle three times once a while.
b. Stop and shout.
c. Never stop or whistle again, once a while."
d. Try to find your friends nearby

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do you need to cover up the holes with leaves and grass?
a. Make a house.
b. Make a house.
c. Keep up the shouting or whistling, always three times together!
d. Leave your little branch house to look for brooks

Correct Options is a.
Question: What should be done when someone is hungry or needing water?
a. Go to find a brook and leave marks behind you.
b. Stop and shout.
c. Leave branches with lots of leaves, grass or trees in the woods to find you a brook!
d. Keep up the shouting for fun by shouting three times again

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a tree that you should do when going into woods with friends?
a. What To Do If You Get Lost In A Forest
b. What To Do If You Get Lost in a Forest
c. How to Find Your Friends.
d. What To Do When You Are In A Forest

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the person who helped rescue victims in the crash?
a. Modest.
b. Worried.
c. Careful and patient!
d. Careless

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who was the first person to be honored with a director's award?
a. Bonge.
b. Beckie Smith.
c. Anthony Rus and his baby sitter, Lisa Bow bin."
d. The Texas Department of Public Safety's Director'S Award

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people were awarded the Director's Award?
a. Three persons were awarded for rescuing victims in a car accident.
b. Two people were awarded for their heroism in saving the victims.
c. Three persons were awarded to help the victims of a car accident at home and abroad, as well As those who were not involved with it on Highway 6.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Bozeman and Clemmon help to save the victims?
a. she thought highly of the rescuers
b. she was nervous about the rescuers
c. she was very nervous at the rescue.
d. she was not sure what to do in that situation

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did none of the victims get?
a. Luckily, no one received too serious injuries in the accident.
b. They were not able to get along well with each other.
c. The accident happened on a rain-soaked highway in the area of Texas, too!
d. They were not allowed to go out for help after the accident

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why does this girl not live in a shelter?
a. is probably going to feel lonely
b. is not able to live in the same house
c. is not likely to be again.
d. is not sure about her future

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the world do with this girl?
a. have a secure home life and don t have to face problems alone
b. have a comfortable home and have to live in it
c. have a comfortable house but can't afford the shelters.
d. have a comfortable home life with friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the home where she earns her living in a strange city?
a. Leaving Home
b. Leaving Home
c. Living in the same house.
d. Living with friends and family

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Austin do when he was lost?
a. decided to sleep in the wild
b. climbed up on a rock
c. ran after he.
d. found his way to safety

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Austin DuVall's name?
a. Himself.
b. His father.
c. His father's name and his hunting rifle."
d. His family members

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Austin do when he was gone?
a. if someone gets lost in the Rocky Mountains, it is hard to find a way out
b. he ran after a deer and found himself alone.
c. He followed a stream to an occupied cabin, then went out for help in the wilderness."
d. he was able to find his way to safety by himself

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do you leave every morning on?
a. boxes in which there are wheels
b. small boxes
c. big box with moving pictures.
d. small boxes in which there are wheels

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of TVs did the man from Mars fight over?
a. TV sets
b. TVs
c. TV sets.
d. TV shows

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was a godly reaction to angry boys?
a. the man from the Mars thought the players were fighting
b. the man from the Mars thought the players were fighting
c. the man from the Mars thought the players would fight.
d. the man from the Mars thought the players could play football

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of a man who is in love with earth?
a. A Letter from the Mars
b. A Girl
c. A Girl and a Boy.
d. A Girl

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did you do for me?
a. it interesting to experience a lot on our unusual planet
b. It interesting to live in boxes
c. it interesting for me not to live on our unusual planet.
d. It exciting to live in boxes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the idea of the festival in Edinburgh?
a. To bring Europe together again.
b. To show the people of Edinburgh.
c. To perform theatre in a public house disused for years, and to be a challenge there."
d. To attract more famous people from the art world

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the group of famous people want to do?
a. They wanted to take part in the festival.
b. They wanted to perform in the festival.
c. They wanted to make a living by performing theatres and dance performances for themselves, as well As they did before it was done!
d. They wanted to be a famous person from the art world headed by an Austrian conductor

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who did the group first come from?
a. University students.
b. The people of Edinburgh.
c. The people in Edinburgh, and the people from London or Oxfordshire to Scotland for a show at Edinburgh University."
d. The people of Edinburgh

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the biggest problem with the festival?
a. keeps growing rapidly
b. is getting too big
c. is becoming more popular.
d. has become more popular

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Lieberman's first job?
a. love cooking at home
b. cook in his own kitchen
c. cook at home.
d. cook with friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did Lieberman learn how to make drinks out of dining-hall fruit?
a. through his taped show
b. through his show
c. by throwing dinner parties.
d. by mixing drinks for dozens offriends

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Lieberman's main goal?
a. A natural ability to attract others.
b. A good job.
c. A great love for his family and friends' lives in Philadelphia, France or Spain."
d. A special way to make drinks out of dining-hall fruit

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Lieberman do to his family?
a. He could cook cheap, delicious and simple meals.
b. He could cook in a small kitchen.
c. He could cook with his friends and family members' help to make drinks for him, too!
d. He could cook the food network on the show

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of person does Lieberman have?
a. He is friendly and active.
b. He is a cook.
c. He is friendly and friendly to others, too!
d. He is good at cooking in the kitchens

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the train do when they stopped?
a. he wanted to take a rest
b. he was waiting for the bus
c. he was waiting to go home.
d. a taxi went wrong

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who did the train take over?
a. One of his former neighbors.
b. One of his friends.
c. One of his friends and relatives,he was a good talker in London now."
d. One of his former friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did the train go to stop?
a. very quickly
b. very quickly
c. quite slowly.
d. a little later

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened when the train approached me?
a. tried to get away from an ex-neighbor but did not succeed*
b. walked to the seaside town and went back home
c. walked into the corridor with my friend.
d. walked away from an ex-neighbor

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Einstein's father bring together?
a. had the same interest
b. had the same interest
c. were both good friends.
d. were both good teachers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Einstein's theory?
a. become famous all over the world
b. became famous all over the world
c. become a good wife and assistant.
d. become an outstanding woman

Correct Options is a.
Question: What event occurred before Einstein' theory?
a. the 1st World War broke out
b. Marits couldn' hardly come back to Berlin
c. Einstein moved to Zurich and settled there.
d. The war broke up the warm, happy family

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important factor in determining what?
a. The achievements of two golf players from ethnic minorities.
b. The number of blacks in the USA.
c. The age and race barriers that existed there are broken down by two people's friends,people or groups."
d. The popularity of the Masters Colf Tournament among Asian Americans

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Tiger Woods do to the world?
a. easily won a major golf tournament.
b. became the youngest golfer ever to win a major tournament.
c. was the first Asian American who won a major golf event in 1996 and 1997, at 21 years old."
d. became the first Asian American to win the Masters Colf Tournament

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was a great achievement of Wood?
a. Tiger Woods'dramatic appearance on the golf scene had the attitude to this sport in USA changed.
b. Tiger Woods'dramatic appearance on the golf scene had the attitude to this sport changed.
c. Tiger Woods'dramatic appearance in the golf scene was radically changed by his successor and views were shared with him at that time."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Tiger Woods' achievement?
a. compete on equal terms with male golfers.
b. Become the youngest golfer ever to win tournament.
c. Be the first Asian American who won Masters Colf Tournament in 1996 and 2000 at 21,000.
d. Make up for the race barriers that existed there are now broken down

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most common way to learn new words?
a. to get more separate meanings of each word
b. to learn more different meanings
c. to learn the meaning of each word.
d. to learn more different meanings

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did English teachers learn new words?
a. All the words the writer knows were learned by reading them.
b. They learned them by playing the Guessing Game.
c. The writer knew what the word means from the context and then read it up in a dictionary!
d. They learned them through their own mother tongues

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most common way to learn new words?
a. we must use the words as often as possible in order to master them
b. we must learn the words in our own mother tongue
c. we must learn the words from the context.
d. we must learn the words by ourselves

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did a man in Wales think he had pranks?
a. By giving examples.
b. By giving examples.
c. by comparing them with others in Britain and Wales, as well As the UK people do now?
d. By giving examples of the emergency services number

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a person arrested for making more than 1,200 prank calls?
a. made to play tricks
b. made to be funny
c. used apps which hide their identity.
d. made to be funny

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for a person being arrested?
a. Prank calls may cause serious results.
b. People are not allowed to take prank calls.
c. Prank calls can cause serious injuries and death in the future, too!
d. Prank calls are often dangerous for health professionals everywhere

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Melbourne known for being?
a. Qualities that make Australia stand out as "the most livable" place in the world.
b. The most beautiful city in the world.
c. The climate of Australia is warm and mild, particularly in major coastal cities.
d. The best place to live on beaches for sports lovers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for Australia's immigration policy?
a. The Australian government tries to make immigrants feel at home.
b. The Australian government is not able to make people feel at home.
c. The Australian government is not interested in immigrants' culture and cultural diversity, too!
d. The Australian government is not good at making immigrants feel at home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for Melbourne's popularity?
a. understand that having fun and playing a game does not have to mean winning
b. have a strong love for sports.
c. have a strong desire to be the most beautiful in the world."
d. have a strong interest in sports and enjoy long beaches

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Melbourne's top ranking?
a. Australia --- the most livable place in the world
b. The climate in Australia is warm and mild
c. People spend much time outdoors.
d. The city hosts the annual Australian Open

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many companies did China close to the Panama and pet food scare?
a. Five
b. Three
c. Five.
d. Six

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is doubting the safety of a Chinese toothpaste?
a. the safety of "made in China" is doubted
b. the safety of "made in China" is doubted
c. the safety of "made in China", which is safe.
d. the safety of "made in China" is doubted

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has China been faced with lately?
a. China is facing product safety problems
b. China is facing serious problems
c. China has been facing product safety issues.
d. China is facing the problem of product safety

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a gentleman put an advertisement for?
a. in order to hire an office boy
b. to show his good manners
c. in order to attract more people's attention.
d. to show his kindness and kindness

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the gentleman show to him when he answered my questions?
a. he who was careful, kind , polite and thoughtful
b. he who was careful, kind and thoughtful
c. he who was polite but thoughtful.
d. he who was clever

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the gentleman do to show that he was polite and gentlemanly?
a. all the above
b. He took off his cap
c. The rest stepped over the book.
d. He put it on the table

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did a gentleman choose to work in the newspaper?
a. not by his letters but by his good manners
b. by his friend's advice
c. not by his good manner.
d. by his friends and by his kindness

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the job of a teacher?
a. train his students' ability to learn
b. teach his students everything they want to know
c. teach his students how to read and think.
d. teach his students what they want to know

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the teacher teach students how?
a. to think more while he is studying
b. to learn more while he is studying
c. to learn something by heart.
d. to learn some facts and a formula

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the men do for them?
a. they know how to study and worked hard
b. they were successful and invented many things
c. they did thousands of experiments.
d. they would ask many questions as they read

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for learning from school?
a. We should do more asking and thinking while studying
b. We should learn everything from school
c. We should learn something by heart.
d. We should learn a certain fact in history and a formula

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the FDA believe is against protecting public health?
a. feeding pets on raw is popular
b. raw meat is not good for pets
c. raw meat and bones are not nutritious.
d. pet owners should feed their pets on raw

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main purpose of feeding raw meat to animals?
a. preparing raw meat for pets
b. preparing raw meat for pets
c. preventing pets from eating food.
d. preventing pets from eating raw meat

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main disadvantage of studying abroad?
a. all the courses are free of charge
b. you can make rapid progress
c. you can exchange ideas with others.
d. you can get a job teaching English in a country where it's spoken

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main disadvantage of studying abroad?
a. high cost
b. the cost
c. your food and travel.
d. you can make rapid progress

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the advantages of studying abroad?
a. can be easily taken on the Internet
b. can be taken in a class
c. can be taken by the teachers.
d. can be taken on the phone

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one advantage of studying abroad?
a. If you study a language in your own country, you can study with more partners of the same level.
b. You can exchange ideas with others and help one another.
c. You can get a job teaching English in if you are able to speak the language of your own country, but not in class at all!
d. You can learn more languages by yourself than by studying online

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did teachers do in single-sex schools?
a. encourage boys to express their emotions more freely
b. encourage boys to learn more about music
c. teach boys how to play sports with girls.
d. help boys to be more active in sports

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the study say boys do badly in mixed schools?
a. perform  ly better
b. do better
c. do better in speaking and reading skills.
d. do more well with female peers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Tony Little think was a bad idea?
a. It fails to give boys the attention they need.
b. It is too focused on boys.
c. It doesn't help boys develop their emotions well enough to be a real man."
d. It fails to show boys are actually more emotional than girls

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of single-sex schools?
a. teaching can be adapted to suit the characteristics of boys
b. boys can express their emotions without pressure
c. teachers can help boys to be consistent with a stereotype.
d. boys can learn more about their learning style than girls

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Tony Little criticize teachers for not recognizing that boys are more emotional than girls?
a. They have sharper vision.
b. They are more active.
c. They have a better sense of humor than girls in school life."
d. They don't like to be discouraged by teachers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason I never meant to hurt you?
a. We should confess our faults and ask for forgiveness.
b. We should apologize to others.
c. We should be careful with our own mistakes and ask for forgiveness, too!
d. We should try to make a good impression on ourselves in our life

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for not being able to do that?
a. To tell people how to apologize sincerely.
b. To make people feel sorry.
c. To give people a good chance to apologize in the end, and not for hurting them all by themselves."
d. To show that people are not willing enough to apologize

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Oliver Radtke's work?
a. Chinglish is actually a variety of English.
b. Chinglish is a kind of English spoken in America.
c. ChINGLish is a type of English that is spoken by millions of people to communicate with each other, and not as fun for foreign tourists."
d. The Chinese are the most popular language used on the Internet since 2005

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Radtke believe is unique in his two books?
a. the creativity of the Chinese people
b. the academic value of the Chinese people
c. the academic value in the Chinesepeople.
d. the creative combination of English and Chinese

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main message of Radtke's approach to Chling?
a. disagree on Chinglish signs
b. make fun of the way things are translated
c. make fun of Chinglish.
d. take away from the aesthetic, educational and cultural value

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Daniel Burd do about making plastic bags?
a. he found a way to degrade plastics in shorter time
b. he found a way to revolutionize environmental issues
c. he tried to find if plastics could be degraded in 3 months.
d. he used to do chores on the plastic bags

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Burd do to make plastic bags degrade?
a. test how effective his method was
b. test whether he was successful
c. test whether he could be successful.
d. test whether he could be successful

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Burd do to make plastic bags degrade?
a. microbes can produce heat themselves
b. He put plastic bags into a powder
c. The microbes worked their magic for 3 months.
d. It took him about 1000 years to decompose

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the goal of Daniel Burd?
a. his everyday work
b. his research
c. his scholarship.
d. his study

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do members of BookCrossing want to do?
a. Register the back online.
b. Read and release books.
c. Leave books on park beaches, buses or coffee shops in bookshops."
d. Write a letter to the website BookCrosses.com

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do members leave books on the site?
a. introduce a new style of reading and sharing
b. make friends with the people who read and share them
c. make a list of the books they own.
d. make a list for the readers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the book that BookCrossing.com rums on?
a. A bas.
b. A renurk.
c. A numb-stick in it's name, and then releases the book to a public place."
d. A numb

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do members of BookCrossing hope to see in their book?
a. make some comments on the book
b. make a list of the books
c. make a list on BookCrossing.com and bookL1essinger'Story
d. leave some renurks in the book

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is college?
a. give you a good chance to make friends
b. make you a lifelong friend
c. make your friends come to college quickly.
d. make you feel comfortable with others

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do students have when they are absent or sick?
a. take notes for you
b. invite you to parties
c. invite you in the hall.
d. invite you

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good way to make friends at college?
a. Do the same team sports as your classmates.
b. Join as many organizations as possible.
c. Make friends with your classmates in the same hall and a group of people at home, or near the university away from home to you!
d. Join as many organizations as possible for your friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is the driver of a bus?
a. the teacher
b. the farmer
c. the fathers and mothers.
d. the farmers

Correct Options is a.
Question: How does the school bus take children to school?
a. go round from place to place
b. go round
c. go to school.
d. go around

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the day when a school bus comes on an farm?
a. be happy
b. be happy
c. be angry.
d. be angry

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do farmers call a school?
a. The children and their parents on the farm all come to the bus school to learn.
b. The bus is on the farm.
c. The children come to the bus school in the morning and the teachers are there for them at night, too!
d. The buses go round from place to place when they come back home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Alex Filippenko hope to help us answer some of the questions?
a. is looking for supernovas
b. is looking for a telescope
c. is looking for a supernova.
d. is looking for a telescope

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of George's Secret Key to the Universe?
a. It is a co-authored book
b. It is a science fiction
c. It is based on an interesting story.
d. It is mainly about the moon

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the book that Alex Filippenko hopes to help answer questions?
a. The Time and Space of Uncle Albert
b. The Mysterious Universe
c. A Child's Introduction to the Night Sky.
d. The Mysterious Universe

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the topic that Alex Filippenko hopes to help answer questions from supernovas if they can't find them?
a. They have the same topics?
b. They are the same topics.
c. They are the same subjects?
d. They are different from other people's

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most difficult part of getting up in the morning?
a. get up earlier than usual
b. get up late
c. stay up early than usual.
d. work better at your low point

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Habit do?
a. help to keep your energy for the day's work
b. help to keep your energy for the day's work
c. help you to keep up late in the evening.
d. help to keep your energy for the day

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a daily energy cycle that everyone has?
a. Daily Energy Cycle
b. The Time of Day
c. The Time when you feel most energetic.
d. The Time of Day When You Feel Most Energy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Dr. Kleitman's work paper?
a. research paper
b. research paper
c. science report.
d. science fiction

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Bob's goal?
a. helps to save the power of flying a solar-powered airplane
b. helps to find the best way of flying a solar-powered airplane
c. helps to find the most efficient way for flying an airplane.
d. helps to find the lowest amount of power in flying a solar-powered plane

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Bob do to help him learn from the BYU students?
a. was affected by his family and has made some achievements
b. was taught to read at the age of 3
c. was taught to be a dentist and has been a student for 10 years.
d. was taught to fly an airplane with less power than before

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Bob's parents have no money?
a. his parents had little money to support him
b. he was too poor to get enough money
c. his parents didn't want him any more.
d. he wanted to make friends with his parents

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the Utah Valley University student do?
a. Bob's mother is in a way to becoming a dentist
b. Bob is the first person to graduate from college
c. Bob's parents are always diligent.
d. Bob' he is the most determined of his seven kids

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did David feel about him?
a. remained in a bad mood
b. stayed in a quiet place
c. was tired of medical treatment.
d. felt very angry

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the camp counselors do?
a. found it possible to help David release anger
b. smashed potato chips with their fist
c. smashed the bag of potato chip.
d. smashed it on cabin night

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did David do in his camp?
a. The purpose of the camp was to give diseased children caring love.
b. The camp was a place where people could enjoy the camp.
c. The camp was intended to help children with life-threatening illnesses and illness themselves, too!
d. The campers wanted to make more friends in the camp than in the camp

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did David come to camp?
a. David had become quite ill and had to go to the hospital because of this new crisis.
b. David was too tired to go out of the hospital.
c. David had been ill for a long time and was too tired from medical treatment, so his life in camp didn't change any more than that at camp now!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did David feel about him?
a. Love and proper guidance can help people look at something negative in a positive way.
b. He was very angry with his camp counselors.
c. He was too tired to get along well in the camp and was very angry at it all night for him, but he was very angry about it again now that he was released from prison after the session of campers' camps on Monday afternoon!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a book that you can read before bedtime?
a. Reading an uninteresting story
b. Taking a nap
c. Doing exercise in the morning or early afternoon.
d. Having ice-cream before bedtime

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the day that can interfere with sleep?
a. Go to bed right after you take a hot bath.
b. Take a nap before 3 p.m and take naps at night
c. Eat fewer than one hour of exercise in the morning or early afternoon, that can interfere with sleep!
d. Have ice-cream after you take a hot bath

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long do you sleep if you can't make it through the day without nap?
a. for over one hour
b. for about one hour
c. twice a day.
d. once more than two hours

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to do this?
a. Have a little food when you feel very hungry before bedtime.
b. Take a hot bath before bedtime.
c. Take naps when you feel tired at night and sleep less than one hour in the morning or early afternoon, too!
d. Take fewer naps after 3 p.m.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my sister call me after he was ill?
a. remember her father
b. ask her father for help
c. ask her to do some work.
d. ask her father for help

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Holt-Lunstad say people can improve their health in lots of ways?
a. Losing weight more easily.
b. Being lonely.
c. Taking more risks in life, and taking less risky lifestyles!
d. Being isolated by smoking 15 cigarettes every day or being an alcoholic

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Holt-Lunstad say people can do to improve their health?
a. he knows how death rates changes as how sociable a person is
b. he knows how to be a sociable person
c. he knows how to make friends with others.
d. he knows how to get along well and get more benefits

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Holt-Lunstad say people can gain rewards from their relationships?
a. they feel they're responsible to do so
b. they feel they're too busy to do so
c. they feel they are too lazy for their life.
d. they feel they have no sense of purpose and meaning

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Holt-Lunstad say people had a 50% better survival rate if they belonged to broader social groups?
a. The influence of relationships on people's health.
b. The influence of social activities on people's health.
c. The effect of relationships upon people in life and in life, too!
d. The effects of relationship on people' s health

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the country that has been a large art district?
a. Redtory, Guangzhou.
b. Tank Loft, Chongqing.
c. Beijing 798 Art Zone in China and Shanghai City Council of the Sichuan Fine Arts Institute's offices at a high price."
d. Beijing 798 Art Zone, Beijing

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where was the used military tank warehouse located?
a. site
b. campus
c. office.
d. office

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Guangzhou's spacious art district?
a. 798 Art Zone, Beijing.
b. Tank Loft, Chongqing.
c. Tank Loft in Shanghai and M50 at the beginning of 2007.
d. 50 Moganshan Road, Pudong District

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of a brain training program?
a. To improve basic cognitive functions.
b. To improve people's memory.
c. To help people get better grades on math tests, and to improve their scores in math test results."
d. To increase alertness at work or while driving

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the San Francisco Web-based company say is more important than our muscles?
a. Brains need exercise.
b. We can't remember where we put the keys.
c. We can' refocus our memory and attention skills at work or while driving, too!
d. We can get better concentration in the morning than in the evenings

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the first brain training program?
a. presenting training findings.
b. Using the Internet.
c. Taking exercises on computers and tablets, or using it for free in class?
d. Using the Internet to improve your memory

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Shane Stedman say he would never give up Sydney and surf?
a. Ugg inventor is happy to trade dollars for surfing
b. He is happy to move into the US
c. The sea is bloody cold in Aussie winter.
d. He has no regrets though missing out on a great footwear fortune

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who was the inventor of Ugg boots?
a. Stedman.
b. Mr. Stedman's surfer
c. Deckers, for PS10,000 and three pairs of Ugg boots each year in 1983."
d. Mr. Stederman

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Ugg boots do to keep surfers warm?
a. keep his hobby of surfing
b. keep his feet warm
c. keep their feet dry in winter.
d. keep their feet warm

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of invention solved the problem with Ugg boots?
a. sheep
b. football
c. football jerseys.
d. football

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Shane Stedman sell to protect his feet?
a. give up his boots company
b. buy his sheepskin
c. sell the rights to Deckers.
d. buy three pairs of Ugg boots each year

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does being hip mean?
a. people who follow the latest trends and fashions
b. people who are self-defined
c. people who have a certain style and listening to music.
d. people who like to wear thick-rimmed glasses while shopping at second-hand stores

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the person who does not have an idea about being mainstream?
a. she thinks that a lot of people that are self-defined hipsters aren't really hipsters
b. she thinks that a lot of people are self-defined hipster.
c. She thinks that a lot of people are self-defined hipster's isn't really hipster than the non-conformist to seem cooler."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a hipster saying that people are more likely to be than others?
a. disappointed
b. disappointed
c. frightened.
d. worried

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do people call themselves?
a. the difficult situation of hipsters
b. the coolness of hipsters
c. the anti-mainstream culture.
d. the specialized brands, stores and music for the hipster position

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a time when information is of primary importance?
a. Education in the information age
b. The development of new information technology
c. The development of the Internet.
d. The development of modern society

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does it mean to be a part of the learning process?
a. It stresses interactions between teachers and students.
b. It is a complete replacement for the traditional classroom model.
c. It makes the learning process faster and cheaper than the traditional classroom learning in modern society, but not in the future of education at all!
d. It shows how to make the learning process more efficient

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important part of online learning?
a. in a sense our survival in the world depends on online learning
b. we live in a very spectacular time.
c. we live in a very beautiful time and have a very beautiful time for learning."
d. we live in fewer than a hundred years of experience

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the next big change in shopping in the US?
a. Shopping malls
b. Superstore
c. Large chain stores.
d. Toys "R" Us

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why are large stores built all over the US?
a. Because they can buy goods at a reduction in the price.
b. Because they can compete with their giant neighbors.
c. Because they are built near small towns and have to close them all over the US now, too!
d. Because they don't allow people to go to the physical stores

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the person who shopped in stores?
a. Leaking personal information.
b. Buying goods.
c. Shopping in small stores, owned by one person or a family."
d. Shopping with the help of a family

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the restaurant that bans food photography?
a. The above all.
b. The above.
c. Its customers and restaurants are annoyed at food photography."
d. Its customers can take photos without disturbing other dinners

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did some restaurants in New York City do?
a. They started to ban customers from taking photos of their food.
b. They started to ban customers from taking photos of their food.
c. They started to introduce a course for food photography courses in Spain and Spain, at the beginning 2013.
d. They started to encourage customers to take photos without disturbing other dinners

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did some restaurants ban on using flashes?
a. It ran a course to instruct customers to better take food pictures.
b. It ran a course to teach customers how to take photos.
c. It ran ten courses for restaurants in New York City and Spain, which are offering food photography classes at the same time as other ones there's ban on using flashes or not?

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the ban on food photography?
a. It's a popular practice where diners take photos of their meals and share them online.
b. It's a popular practice where diners take photos of their meals and share them online.
c. It'll signal the death of " foodstagramming".
d. It'd be banned in some restaurants to offer food photography courses

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do restaurants in New York City want to take photos of their food?
a. Restaurants in Spain think of a methord to meet people's need.
b. Restaurants in Spain are banning customers from taking photos of their food.
c. Restaurants in New York City are offering photography courses to diners and restaurants owner's friends at once or again, they don't want to share what they eat with others on the Internet now."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Wansink write his new book?
a. Because he intended to help people make more healthful dietary decision.
b. Because he was famous for his research.
c. To tell people how to organize their kitchens in the future, and why they don't like them at all!
d. Because he wanted to make more money by making more choices

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is not the only variable that affects the design of restaurants, school lunchrooms, office cafeterias and homes?
a. the shape of wineglasses
b. the height of what we pour
c. the width.
d. the size of breakfast cereal

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Brian Wansink's new book?
a. Changing environment or habits of eating will help you eat less.
b. The design of restaurants is changing.
c. People eat less at home than in school lunchrooms and office cafeteria's homes, too!
d. The shape of the glass affects how much we drink

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do doctors believe is important?
a. Whether patients should be told the truth of their illness.
b. Whether patients should be told the truth.
c. Whether patients should be told the truth of their illness or not, and that they should be told it is true to them."
d. Whether patients should be told the truth about their illness

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does truth help people do?
a. Truthful information helps patients deal with their illness in some cases.
b. Truthful information helps patients tolerate pain better.
c. Truthful information can help patients recover faster after operation, and to prevent serious consequences of illness in some cases."
d. Truthful information is more important than human information

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of lies do doctors believe patients aren't able to know about their condition?
a. oppositive
b. negative
c. ambiguous.
d. unconcerned

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one reason for coral reefs being destroyed?
a. Human activities like bottom operation.
b. The rising carbon dioxide levels.
c. The ocean floor and coral branches are separated from the reefs, so they can be saved quickly!
d. The robots work together in groups to distinguish between other things

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why is the method of coral reefs limited?
a. can stay longer underwater
b. can be saved
c. can be found quickly.
d. can be found in groups

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose for Coralbots?
a. broken branches of coral can regrow if saved in time
b. The robots can find broken coral branches quickly
c. the robots can distinguish between other things and the coral.
d. The robots can work together in groups

Correct Options is a.
Question: What will the American teenagers do to gain a new understanding of the rest of the world?
a. let students learn something about other countries
b. make friends with other countries
c. make students learn new languages.
d. make students learn new languages

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the difference between the two countries?
a. German schools were harder than American ones
b. German schools were more friendly than American ones
c. The students took fourteen subjects instead of six that are usual in the United States.
d. Students rose respectfully when a teacher entered their room

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for a student exchange in Germany?
a. better education should include something good from both American and German schools
b. German schools are not as friendly to students
c. American and German schools are not as friendly at all.
d. German schools are not as good as American school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Dr Elizabeth Hartnell-Young say could be used for?
a. didn't fully realize the learning functions of mobile phones
b. <pad>.smartphone' in lessons <sep>. recording a teacher reading a poem and timing experiments with the phones stoppedwatched."
c. electronic files between school and home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Dr Elizabeth Hartnell-Young say could be used for learning?
a. Pupils who were not confident.
b. Teachers who were not interested in the project.
c. Teachers who were very clever and helpful to pupils' learning skills, too!
d. Teachers who had no interest in the project

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for the reassessed use of phone bans?
a. mobile phones can actually help students learn
b. mobile phones are not useful
c. mobile phones can be used for learning.
d. mobile phones can make students more confident

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the Chinese New Year celebrations?
a. what people usually do during Chinese New Year
b. what people usually do during Chinese New Year
c. what people often wear in the Spring Festival.
d. what people usually do on the Spring Festival Eve

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long does the Chinese New Year celebrations begin?
a. 23 days
b. 15 days
c. 12 months.
d. 15 days

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of the Chinese New Year celebration?
a. to drive the evils away from their homes
b. to celebrate the Spring Festival
c. to show off their good luck and bring forth good fortune.
d. to make people feel happy about the Spring Festival

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Chinese New Year symbols mean?
a. the New Year symbols mean good for the future
b. the New Year symbols mean good for the future
c. the New Year symbol means bad luck and joy.
d. the New Year symbols mean good fortune

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did William become an extraordinary boy?
a. At the age of 11, he became the youngest student at the Harvard University.
b. At the age of 16 he became the youngest student at Harvard University.
c. When he was only 6 years old, he graduated with high scores in 18 months and entered Harvard Law School just within 7 months

Correct Options is a.
Question: How old was William when he graduated from Harvard University?
a. 4
b. 3
c. 4
d. 6

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who was the youngest American to have ever won a college degree?
a. Christopher Hirata
b. Charles Fefferman
c. Terence Tao.
d. Albert Einstein

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did William first display his intelligence?
a. at the age of 2, Terence solved basic arithmetic questions on his own
b. at the age of 2
c. when he graduated with high scores.
d. after his death, researchers were eager to preserve and make research on his brain

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is China's plan to do in order for a nation-wide network?
a. monitor the impact of air pollution on health
b. improve the air quality
c. reduce the number of heavily polluted days.
d. improve the air in major city clusters

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the Chinese plan to do?
a. improveliving standard
b. reduce pollution
c. improve air quality.
d. reduce pollution

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has the Queen's accent changed over the past?
a. her speeches have been recorded for 50 years
b. her speeches have been recorded for 50 years
c. she has been 'lorst, but by the 1970s

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the researchers study to find out about the Queen's English pronunciation?
a. "Citee".
b. "Have".
c. 'hame. (...)."
d. "Citee"

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Harrington say Queen's accent sounds less noble than it did 50 years ago?
a. speech sounds
b. speech sounds
c. speech sound.
d. speech is

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Jonathan Harrington want to discover about the Queen'S English pronunciation?
a. The changes in a person's accent.
b. The changes in a person's pronunciation.
c. The changes of a person's pronunciation and the change from one to another."
d. The changes in a person's language

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do children prefer toy with?
a. new technologies are developing and widely used
b. children are not appreciative
c. children have to work on whatever they believe in.
d. children have to look perfect all the time

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do the generation of children say we don't value?
a. are having a social life in richer ways
b. are having a good life
c. are having fewer things than before.
d. are having a better life in the future

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of attitude do children have to take on?
a. optimistic
b. positive
c. optimistic.
d. hesitant

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one strength of social beings?
a. the amount of support they get from others
b. the amount of support they receive from others
c. the number of people who have strong social ties.
d. their ability to deal with major life changes and daily difficulties

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does social support distract us from?
a. draws our attention away from our worries and troubles
b. helps us to solve and deal with our problems
c. helps us find solutions for our problems.
d. helps us to understand our difficulties

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the little boy do when he flew into water?
a. swam back towards the shore
b. swam toward the lake
c. ran out of the back door.
d. swam towards the middle

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the farmers do to shoot their scream?
a. It was the farmer who shot the crocodile.
b. They were driving by.
c. The farmer ran away from the water and shot it again in a hurry to swim at once, but they didn't let go of them all that day!
d. They were afraid of the crocodile because they were too scared for their mother

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the crocodile that reached him?
a. Scars of Love
b. A Great Man
c. A Great Soldier.
d. A Good Man

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a school that offers advice about college?
a. To offer advice on college life.
b. To offer advice on college life.
c. To give advice about college education and schooling habits, to students' learning experiences or knowledge of college lives."
d. To provide advice for students in college living with new ideas

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason that college will begin?
a. Because you prepare for your future career and life there.
b. Because you can make new friends and become familiar with the campus.
c. Because you can learn about the experiences of others who have walked the college halls before you are there, but you can't forget why you are here at that time!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason you can't plan well at a college?
a. should know what they have fight for on campus
b. should have a good memory
c. should be familiar with the campus.
d. should make new friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: What law has Israel passed?
a. Banning underweight models in advertising.
b. Changing pictures to make models look thinner.
c. Making models look thinner and thin in the future, they are not happy with it now!
d. Using models without body mass index of 18.5 or less

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do advertisers believe is a gold standard for?
a. There are arguments over the beauty standard of models.
b. The law is based on international accepted measures.
c. The law is based on the set of fixed limits by the U. S. Department of Health and other countries' laws to ban the use of underweight models in advertising industry, but it is not suitable for all Israelis now or then?

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do older people shrink?
a. We aren't as tall at the end of the day as we are at the beginning.
b. We are too tall at the end of the day.
c. We are too small to fit in our pocket, and we don't want to be a little shorter over time!
d. We can' not get enough new bone material from the backs

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do older people shrink?
a. We should keep away from smoking and drinking alcohol.
b. We should keep away from smoking and drinking alcohol.
c. We should not drink too much water or drink enough food for them to eat at home, so we should stay tall again in the mornings of each day!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does gravity mean when people become smaller or shorter over time?
a. Why do we shrink?
b. Why do we shrink?
c. How do we shrink.
d. Why do we shrink over time

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do older people shrink?
a. if we develop osteoporosis, we are more likely to be shorter
b. Because of gravity
c. because they are too small to fit in their pocket.
d. Because of gravity

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between computers and Internet?
a. With the computer used in our daily lives, we can do some things easier than before.
b. We can do a lot of things with the computer.
c. The computer is one of the most important inventions in the world today, and it has changed our lives very much now than before!
d. The computers are not as useful to us but also for our ideologies

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the internet?
a. If the Internet is used in the right way, it is good for us.
b. It is a huge worldwide collection of computer networks.
c. It is a fast and cheap way to keep in touch with friends or family, it is much cheaper than sending...

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a computer network?
a. You can find information about almost any topic in the world from this network..
b. It is a large group of computers working together.
c. It can find information about current issues for your homework and talk to your friends or even do some shopping in the Internet instead of the library at once, but it can save it quickly when you talk with friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can these internet games cause?
a. problems caused by online games
b. problems caused by online games
c. bad habits of people in South Korea.
d. poor social skills

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can be seen as an example of the internet age?
a. online game addiction is a very common problem in South Korea
b. The Internet age is a change from the pressure of school and work
c. The internet age is mainly caused by the stress in school.
d. South Korea has the world's highest percentage of high-speed Internet services

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are some signs of at risk?
a. people with unsolved problems and few friends
b. people with good social skills
c. people who have no friends and bad social abilities.
d. people without friendship or good social skills

Correct Options is a.
Question: What could make the air cleaner?
a. Cutting carbon dioxide emissions saves lives.
b. Reduces lung damage.
c. Increasing our chances of getting sick and in some cases takes years from our lives, according to new research findings."
d. Cutting carbon dioxide emissions reduces preventable deaths from heart disease

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the focus of this research?
a. it focuses on the immediate benefits of cutting carbon dioxide emissions
b. it focuses on the health ills caused by future global warming
c. it focuses on the immediate benefits of doing something about the problem.
d. it focuses on the effects of cutting carbon dioxide emissions

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main effect of cutting carbon dioxide emissions?
a. deaths from cardiovascular and respiratory diseases are closely related to greenhouse gas emissions
b. people are more likely to get sick than they do in the past
c. people have less chances of getting sick and can't get sick.
d. people are more likely to get sick because of their unhealthy lifestyles

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one example of a proposal that was more concrete and achievable?
a. Reducing the use of polluting fuels to cook.
b. Using more fuels to cook.
c. Cutting the use of charcoal and other polluting fuels in developing countries,
d. Cutting carbon dioxide emissions makes the air cleaner

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way that researchers believe it could help people save lives?
a. walking and biking instead of driving will reduce the chance of heart disease
b. reducing cook stoves will reduce lung damage
c. people can drive less and bike more.
d. people can save more than 7,300 years in Delhi

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most salt in some foods that we buy from restaurants and takeaway?
a. Eat less takeaways.
b. Eat less takeaways.
c. Drink more rice and peats at home, but not much salt in the morning!
d. Eat more fish than in the evening

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a researcher say is important to have control of the salt shaker?
a. show that tasty food with less salt can be made at home
b. make delicious food with less salt
c. make tasty food that is low on salt.
d. make healthy meals which are low in salt

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important thing that a researcher said about black people?
a. Watch the salt.
b. Eat the food.
c. Keep control of the salt shaker, and make tasty foods that are low on salt."
d. Buy takeaways at home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do people wear white clothes on?
a. New Year joy all around the world.
b. New Year's day.
c. New year celebration in Brazil and Spain, at midnight or after the clock strikes it all by itself!
d. New Year' s day is very exciting for people to celebrate

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many grapes does everyone in Spain consume when the clock strikes midnight?
a. eat 12 grapes
b. eat 12 grapes
c. eat 12 toll.
d. eat 12 toll

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where are fireworks held?
a. fireworks set off in front of the Edinburgh Castle
b. In Spain, when the clock strikes midnight
c. fireworks throw flowers in the sea and make a wish.
d. fireworks set off near sand

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of attitude did I feel was a result of my career?
a. Positive
b. Negative
c. Uninterested.
d. Doubtful

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the company that I tried to do?
a. Extra-marketing-engineer
b. Network-marketing
c. Film and TV shows.
d. Entertainment industry

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did I do to get a job?
a. There is always somewhere in the world where you can enjoy life.
b. It is hard for me to get a job in the entertainment industry.
c. I was very disappointed with my life and wanted to be an actor or work as an extra at home, too!
d. I had to do something else after graduating college

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where will people from all over the world go to for multiple performances?
a. in Beijing
b. in Prague
c. In Zurich.
d. in Europe

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main theme of the 32nd Hong Kong Art Festival?
a. which theatres will put on performances
b. What is the theme of "family".
c. What is the theme for art festival?
d. Who will perform in the art festival

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the theme of "family"?
a. to make the 32nd Art Festival known
b. to make the 32nd Art Festival popular
c. To attract more people from all over the world.
d. to offer more tickets for the 32nd Art Festival

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is water in seas, rivers and lakes?
a. Water can be found almost everywhere.
b. Water can be found everywhere.
c. Water is found in the desert part of the world, there are some water crystals and clouds on earth.
d. Water can be made of very small drops of water

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the water in seas, rivers and lakes?
a. aliquid
b. a solid
c. ice.
d. a stone

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are the ice crystal made out of?
a. very small drops of water or snow crystals
b. water or gas
c. snow crystals and ice.
d. clouds

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is water in the air?
a. solid, liquid and gas
b. solid, liquid and gas
c. solid or liquid.
d. liquid

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Blanchard find in his first book?
a. John knew Hollis's name from a library book.
b. The author was a kind-hearted man.
c. The author wanted to know the author's name in his book, too!
d. The author was a very clever person and generous man

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Blanchard feel about her?
a. she thought true love is beyond appearance
b. she thought she was a kind-hearted woman
c. she thought she was a good sailor.
d. she thought she was a beautiful girl

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did John Blanchard do to the girl with his rose?
a. She would be wearing a rose on her coat.
b. She would be wearing a rose on her face.
c. She would be wearing sand in the rose suit, too!
d. She would be wearing a rose with his coat

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Blanchard?
a. She was a young, pretty girl wearing a green suit.
b. She was a young, pretty girl wearing a red suit.
c. She was a young, beautiful girl in a blue suit and white dress!
d. She was a young, handsome girl with a red suit

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did John Blanchard do to the people who were making their way through Grand Central Station?
a. disappointed but well - behaved
b. surprised and frightened
c. worried but worried.
d. worried

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Miss Hollis Maynell's book?
a. A Test of Love
b. A Brief of Love
c. A Brief Of Interest.
d. A Brief from the author

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has the Internet become an important source of?
a. get emotional comfort
b. health information
c. medical problems.
d. a second opinion

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the study that found that more than 80 percent of internet users search for health information?
a. It gives patients a medical test online.
b. It is a leading way to search for health information online.
c. It provides patients with access to medical care in the hospital and office of Dr. Jeff Livingston's offices, at least one third from their office hours per day."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the hotel in downtown?
a. Bamboo Garden Hotel
b. Library Bar
c. Lao She Tea House.
d. Big-bowl-tea Theatre

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the Dawancha Theatre?
a. Big-bowl-tea
b. Bamboo Garden Hotel
c. Library Bar.
d. Drum Tower

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main benefit of Taichi?
a. You can enjoy acrobatic shows every day at 7 p.m. in the open air.
b. You can learn the techniques of painting a bird, flower or lady with brushes.
c. You can enjoy a live performance at Peking Opera in the Tianqiao area for free and to get a cup of Chinese tea every day on Mondays!

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people in sub-Sharan Africa would get television?
a. Over two thirds of families in the world will have a TV by 2013.
b. Over 45% of families in the world will have a TV by 2013.
c. About 150 million people would have fewer televisions than before.
d. More and more people could get access to the Internet

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most powerful effect on women?
a. stress the advantages of TV to people's lives
b. make decisions over child health care
c. make a small but significant improvement in their reading skills.
d. make decisions over child health care

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most powerful medium for adult education?
a. TV Will Better the World
b. TV Will Change the World
c. TV will Make People More Popular.
d. TV Will Help Women

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the store that I found on Easter dinner?
a. Shop in the supermarket.
b. Shop in the department store.
c. Buy a package of food for Yola's family and friends at home, too!
d. Buy two shopping bags with the author on Saturday morning

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Robert and I do to help her?
a. Helping Yola move took the author nearly a whole day and a lot of effort.
b. The author was very busy with her work.
c. The author didn't want to go shopping at all on Saturday morning, so she had to buy the ingredient for a delicious recipe in store and then drive home early that afternoon!
d. The author didn'm going to cook Easter dinner until late afternoon

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Yola think about the Easter meal?
a. She was leaving and feared the food would go to waste.
b. She was a good cook.
c. She was not hungry at all, so she was too busy to go shopping now and then move home again in the morning!
d. She was very excited about her new place because of her work schedule

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the co-worker ask for?
a. Yola gave her exactly what she wanted to buy.
b. Robert and I would help her move the next day.
c. Robert was a good friend of Yola's to drive home on Saturday morning, too!
d. The author was very happy with her work schedule

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who was the first Chinese actor to introduce comedy to most Chinese viewers?
a. Charlie Chaplin
b. Sylvester Stallone
c. Audrey Hepburn.
d. Sylvester Stallone

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Shirley Temple Black' upcoming movie?
a. Audrey Hepburn's movie made the Mouth of Truth and the Spanish Steps popular.
b. She was the first American actor to introduce comedy.
c. The Mouth of Truth and the Spanish Steps were popular in Rome for many years now, but she was not able do so at all!
d. She was the only one who didn't like her films because of his silent films

Correct Options is a.
Question: What film did Shirley Temple Black play?
a. Film &TV
b. Films
c. TV programmes.
d. Television

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the first step you can take to prepare for an emergency?
a. tell people how to protect themselves from swine flu
b. tell people how to avoid swine flu
c. tell people how to get sick from swine flu.
d. tell people how to protect themselves against a virus

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most common cause of swining?
a. The virus is probably developed from swine flu virus.
b. The virus is spread by properly prepared and cooked pork products.
c. The virus can't be spread from person to person in America or Mexico, but it can' s not so dangerous for everyone as well!
d. The virus is the most common cause of swine flu

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a person who has symptoms that sound like swine flu?
a. Call his doctor to ask for directions.
b. Go to Mexico.
c. Go in and see a doctor or local public health clinic before going into hospital, at least for some time."
d. Go to Mexico with his family

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the thing that can be done to protect yourself from illness?
a. Cough and sneeze into your hands.
b. Wash, wash and wash.
c. Eat pork with your hands or fingers!."
d. Wash, wash and wash the hand to protect yourself

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of clothing that can change your behavior and other behaviors?
a. Communication through Clothing
b. Clothing Styles
c. Clothing Colorful.
d. Clothing Types

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the type of power that can change your behavior and others towards you?
a. clothes have extraordinary power
b. clothes have a special meaning
c. clothes are different from other types of clothing.
d. clothes have different colors

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a common misconception of women in North America?
a. men care less about the different messages communicated by clothes
b. women are more knowledgeable about the differences between men and women
c. women are more knowledgeable of the difference in messages communicated by clothes than men.
d. women are more knowledgeable when communicating with female intentions

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most common type of clothing in North America?
a. dress
b. hair
c. jewelry.
d. body decoration

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main part of a society?
a. clothing plays an important role in social activities
b. clothing is used to protect the environment
c. clothing is used for business and leisure activities.
d. clothing is used to provide protection from cold

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many women were washing their hands at Turner Field?
a. 2,790
b. 2,790
c. 1,080.
d. 3,575

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the most common rate of men washing their hands?
a. Hand washing is up in public restrooms in the US
b. Women wash their hands after using the toilet.
c. Hand washing is not important in preparing food and changing a baby's diaper for children to clean themselves well."
d. Women wash their hands before they use the toilet

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the cheetah?
a. runs faster than any other animal on land
b. is the fastest land animal on earth
c. is the world's fastest animals in a long time.
d. is the most powerful and powerful animal

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the cheetah's spots cover most of their body?
a. has spots everywhere except for its stomach and throat
b. has spots everywhere except for its stomach and throat
c. is much heavier than other cats.
d. has spots all over the body

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of cheetah will run?
a. They are poor fighters
b. They are strong
c. They are weaker than other animals.
d. They are stronger

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mike think of the money register?
a. She couldn't solve simple math problems.
b. She was too busy to count out the coins.
c. She was too young for her friend's help in counting them down, and she couldn't find a way of solving problems at all!
d. She didn' not know how to count out the coins

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for our overuse of info technology?
a. modern technology feeds us with too much information
b. it is time we took a hard look at an educational system
c. It has taken the place of active, imaginative play.
d. We can't tell time when the clock has hands

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for our overuse of information technology?
a. To get them off TV and computer games.
b. To make them more creative.
c. To do simple math and research, or to be creative.
d. To let them know how to push buttons

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the video games teach kids to not read?
a. reading benefits children more than electronics do
b. they can't tell time if the clock has hands.
c. they can add, subtract or divide and multiply in video games."
d. they can use their imagination to stay interested

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did two thieves steal?
a. they were frightened by what they had heard in the house
b. They were frightened by the mice in the house
c. they were frightened at the door of the house.
d. They were frightened to see the woman crawl into the house

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the woman in house see?
a. she referred to the mice
b. she saw the two thieves
c. she walked into the house in the moonlight.
d. she saw the man crawling out of the house

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to two thieves in their house?
a. Hit the Mark by a Fluke
b. A Mouse crawled into the house
c. The woman hid them in their fields.
d. They ran away without their sweet potatoes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to two thieves?
a. The man let the woman go home for a rope, which would be used for catching the thieves.
b. The woman was ploughing in the fields.
c. The man let the woman go home for a rope to buy some sweet potatoes and bought some of them at once!
d. The woman was ploughing into the field with the two thieves

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the common sense?
a. To criticize others for one's own error.
b. To make a good excuse.
c. To give others the right hand's responsibility for the problem of human nature and the other guy is more responsible than to err or err, too!
d. To keep in mind that people should be forgiving about their mistakes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the common sense word for to err?
a. Bearing responsibility for his mistakes.
b. Keeping in mind his mistakes.
c. Making clear thought of the problem, and not to blame him for his mistakes."
d. Making up a good excuse is like creating sandpaper

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is common sense for small organizations?
a. A man tries to take charge of everything in a large company.
b. A man is not responsible for everything in a large company.
c. A person is not responsible enough to do anything at all, but the right hand does nothing there and the left hands are doing it well with others' help!
d. A man is not responsible because of his own bad general plan

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is common sense?
a. Bitter truth is better than a good excuse.
b. It is not common for large organizations.
c. People should be forgiving of others' mistakes, but they should pass the blame on to them all by themselves and not to be honest at all!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the original quote about human nature?
a. A Mirror of Human Nature
b. A Good Idea
c. A Good Idea.
d. A Good Idea

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do hunters hope could fetch a piece of?
a. money
b. money
c. money.
d. money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What caused the rush to find fragment of space rock?
a. A meteor exploded over Russia's Ural mountains on Friday.
b. The meteor was sent burning to earth.
c. A meteor exploded over Russia's Ural mountains on Friday and caused a lot of damage for the local people in Chelyabinsk, too!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the meteor start?
a. Meteorite rush around Chelyabinsk
b. The explosion in Ural mountains
c. A meteor that exploded over the earth.
d. A meteor that crashed into the lake

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do adult people work to tear down walls and create a safe space for their serving?
a. the adults' roles in school
b. the adults' attitude towards them
c. the adults themselves in school.
d. the adults' attitudes toward them

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who did an adult discourage me during high school?
a. Both students and teachers.
b. The students.
c. The students and the teachers in school, or any other institution for free."
d. The students who are in authority positions

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to me during high school?
a. he was once hurt by an adult
b. he was once discouraged by an adult
c. he was once encouraged to attend the university.
d. he was once told what university he wanted to attend

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the man do when he hit me on his head?
a. became angry
b. cried
c. cried.
d. cried

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the man who hit me on his head with an umbrella?
a. mad
b. angry
c. lazy.
d. annoyance

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to him on my head?
a. he hit I the marl so hard that his nose bled
b. he hit I the umbrella so hard that he fell down
c. his nose was bleeding and then got back on its feet with an umbrella.
d. he hit I the umbrella too fast to land

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the man hit me on his head with an umbrella?
a. rail after the author breathlessly
b. hit the author
c. scream at him.
d. hit the author with an umbrella

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the fraud that has caused a huge increase in credit card fraud?
a. Fraud on the Internet.
b. Computer hackers.
c. Computers hacking down security systems, raising questions about the safety of cardholder information

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one step you can take to keep from being?
a. Cheating.
b. Shopping.
c. Buying on-line banking card information, and shopping online with your credit-card number?
d. Shopping at secure sites

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a major cause of credit card fraud?
a. The thieves steal the information from Web sites.
b. The thieves steal the information from Web sites.
c. The hackers steal the information on Web websites and websites in order to protect them against frauds, too!
d. The Internet is a dangerous web site for online shoppers who are not lucky enough

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people are in charge of the credit card fraud?
a. Four.
b. Three.
c. Five and a half, to five or six people in the world!
d. Four

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a bad idea about your credit card?
a. Do not buy the TV set on this site.
b. Don't buy the TV set on this site.
c. Don' t use it at all in this site for free!
d. Don'

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the mayor who has been in Pittsburgh since 2001?
a. Many young college students there are the new hope of the district.
b. He is the youngest mayor in any major city.
c. His family's political tradition has been influenced by his work ethic and politics since 2001, too!
d. He is the youngest mayor of any major city on the planet Earth

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of newspaper did the mayor say was concerned about?
a. A newspaper
b. A newspaper
c. A magazine.
d. A newspaper

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main issue with Pittsburgh' a mayor?
a. pressure from other outstanding young majors
b. the lack of work ethic
c. the poor economy in Pittsburgh.
d. a lack of economic development

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the first step in philosophy?
a. make progress in your career development
b. make a good use of your knowledge
c. develop your skills in your career.
d. get one's first job after graduation

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the science of argument and critical thinking?
a. Logic helps you to become a better thinker.
b. Logic is the most important subject of philosophy.
c. Philosophy is one of the world's oldest subjects in study, and it is directly related to philosophy."
d. Philosophy is useful for educational advancement

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way that a philosopher can learn to understand and develop ideas?
a. philosophy can be helpful for the study of any other subjects
b. philosophy can be used in educational advancement
c. philosophy is the science of argument and critical thinking.
d. philosophy can be applied to any field

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to my colleague at the funeral?
a. the writer was astonished by the scene
b. the writer was a long-term colleague
c. the writer was a close friend of her son.
d. the writer was a very angry person

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the reason for my death?
a. prefer to control their sadness in public
b. a long-term colleague burst into tears
c. a long-term colleague broke down in tears.
d. a Chinese colleague cried openly as he spoke

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a friend of the deceased say about her son?
a. the English might cry noisily for the dead in Dickens' time
b. the English might cry loudly for the dead
c. the English would cry in tears at a Chinese funeral.
d. the English could cry silently to the dead

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the British believe was a factor in their death?
a. cultural differences
b. the fact that they were not well prepared
c. the fact of their death.
d. the fact that they were not well-prepared for the outpouring

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are the reasons for having two children?
a. It is not selfish to have only one child in a family.
b. It is not selfish to have only one child.
c. It is not selfish for the children in a family unit, and it is not selfish enough at all!
d. It is more difficult to spend time with each other

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the average cost of raising a child?
a. less generation gap.
b. more money.
c. more money than other children in the family unit!
d. less comparison and more chances for positive motivation to learn new things

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are grown-ups surprised by?
a. People remember well what they learned in childhood.
b. People forget what they learned in childhood.
c. People forget about what they learned as children and have never practiced ever since 2006.
d. People forget very quickly the things that they learn at school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the law of overlearning?
a. using examples
b. using numbers
c. comparing them with others.
d. following the rules

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the law that explain why he learned as children?
a. a result of overlearning
b. a result of overlearning
c. an examination for his passing grade.
d. a pass grade

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the law of overlearning?
a. It's helpful only in a limited way.
b. It's necessary to learn a college course.
c. It'll result in a passing grade and a passing grade, too!
d. It'd be helpful only for children of all ages

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good idea for homeowners to use?
a. Roof rainwater collection.
b. Water purification system.
c. Water purification systems for plants and grasses to water their lawn or garden, too!
d. Water purification system

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the stress that caused me to feel a lump in my throat?
a. Stressed.
b. Disappointed.
c. Indifferent and unsettling!
d. Unsettling

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the difference between the amount of money I received from a student?
a. It's well beyond what the author could be responsible for.
b. It's much more than the author could be responsible for.
c. It's much less than the author had ever been responsible for in all of it, and he was not paid off by the university itself at that time."
d. It'd be much more than the author'

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between a loan and an individual's loan?
a. It can make students live a comfortable life in university.
b. It can help students get a good job.
c. It is a kind of loan that helps students to get a better life in university!
d. It will make students have total financial freedom with a loan

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to avoid getting too excited before?
a. You should never eat delicious foods.
b. You should eat too much.
c. You should eat more food than before, and not to eat anything else at home or abroad in the holidays!
d. You should have a small meal with a large plate that may encourage you to "load up".

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of food is lemon juice?
a. Creamy food.
b. High-fat food.
c. Lean meat and lean vegetables, but not oily foods or high-fat meals?
d. Low-fat food

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the idea of enjoying holidays?
a. can't help eating too much
b. can help you to eat more
c. can help you lose weight.
d. can help you to eat less

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the section that helps you keep weight?
a. Health and Fitness section
b. Food section
c. Food sections.
d. Food and Exercise Section

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to prevent weight gain?
a. How to avoid weight gain over holidays.
b. How to avoid eating too much.
c. How to avoid eating too much food during holidays and keeping healthy at home, or eat more than usual in the holidays!
d. How to keep healthy after holidays

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the best ways to combine your hobbies with career?
a. how to turn a hobby into a career
b. how to make jewelry
c. what to do in your spare time.
d. how to sell things on their own

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Asifi do when she fled?
a. she made great contributions to refugees despite leaving her homeland
b. She was a teacher in Kabul
c. she was able to teach other Afghan refugees.
d. She was able to bring change to her conservative Afghan community

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Aqeala Assifis do to help educate Afghan girls?
a. Asifi succeeded in changing attitudes of Afghan refugees toward girl education.
b. Asifi helped Afghan refugees to find a better place for their education.
c. Assifis helped Afghan girls get higher education in the future and help them with their education projects."
d. As If I was able to make her own home as he was taught by her family

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did she do to help other Afghan refugees?
a. Asifi still treats her own country with great affection though living as a refugee in another country.
b. She helped pay for her education projects.
c. She made teaching materials by hand in the tent school of Kot Chandana village, Pakistan and Afghanistan as a refugee camper herself to help them with their education project."
d. She was able to bring change to her conservative Afghan community

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did you say about me?
a. " Help to end my way with your love and patience."
b. "I am in good health. I will be in good health."
c. "I don't want to live anymore," says one of you,

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the goal of the Healthy Families Program?
a. help more families get health insurance
b. help people who have health insurance
c. make it possible for more people to get health insurance.
d. help those who don't need medical care

Correct Options is a.
Question: How much does the Healthy Families Program cost for every child?
a. $34
b. $7.00
c. $10.00.
d. $10.00

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the goal of having health insurance?
a. They can afford to see a doctor when they need to.
b. They can get more money.
c. They can make more money for it and pay less to pay the insurance policy of health insurers, too!
d. They can earn enough to pay for private health insurance

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of a Healthy Families program?
a. people should make more money to pay for private health insurance
b. It is very expensive for people to have health insurance
c. It is not important that people can see a doctor when they need it.
d. It makes it possible for more people to get health insurance

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a program called that offers people health insurance at low cost?
a. the Healthy Families Program
b. the Health Insurance Program
c. The Health Insurance Programme.
d. The Healthy Families Program

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of life is quite dramatic?
a. Teenagers
b. Adults
c. Teenager.
d. Children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Benjamin Franklin's golden tip?
a. setting his own experiences as example
b. describing his life as a teenager
c. describing what life is about.
d. describing his daily troubles

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the last thing he saw?
a. his daughter was just born
b. his daughter was born in the same year
c. he was a teenager of honor.
d. his mother died from cancer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Alberto Torre owe him?
a. thinks it's natural to have setbacks in life
b. he is a good student
c. he is a good student in the state.
d. he has to pay for his work

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Alberto Torres do when he was killed?
a. his will to overcome difficulty
b. his love for the city
c. his kindness to the people in need.
d. his good luck and kindness

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Ability come first?
a. Ability comes first.
b. Ability comes first.
c. Ability come first, and second in ability."
d. Ability comes first

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Alberto Torres' life?
a. live like a normal person
b. live in a third-floor apartment
c. have little bumps to go over.
d. have a good friend

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Alberto Torres' lifelong struggle?
a. great independence
b. a lot of money
c. little bumps in his life.
d. no pain

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do people drink binge drinking?
a. Because it has had harmful effects on the students' health and well - being.
b. Because it is a dangerous way of socializing.
c. Because it is not always deadly but has other, wide - ranging effects on the students' health and well being itself!
d. Because it isn't always deadly

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for binge drinking?
a. seek immediate satisfaction and indulge   themselves too much
b. a lot of people are drinking too much
c. it is not always deadly but dangerous.
d. It is the main way to socialize

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the overall board of intoxication?
a. acceptable
b. acceptable
c. unacceptable.
d. unconcerned

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the person who can teach English?
a. a teacher
b. a writer
c. a researcher.
d. daniellechu

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the job of Fisher's Travel SOS?
a. you must finish your work every day
b. you must teach English at home
c. you must have special degrees.
d. you must speak English

Correct Options is a.
Question: 
a. you want to sell more products to them
b. you want to have a "sales" personality
c. you want to be a writer and researcher with good looks, wit but charm.
d. you want to know more about the company

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Danielle-Chu' email address?
a. daniellechu@ fisherstravelsos, com
b. eslchina@yahoo.com/cn
c. 13370153195 and Tel:13375315205 to info @ chinadeco, dkti

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most popular view of Egyptian workers?
a. sliding them on smooth paths
b. lubricating the paths with wet clay
c. dragging heavy objects over sand.
d. lubricating the path

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did researchers find about the Egyptians?
a. Because less preparation on path is needed for rolling.
b. Because they used a little rock'n roll.
c. Because they were very rich and strong in their work at the pyramid site, too!
d. Because they had no idea how to make sleds easier than squares

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the researchers find?
a. An argument about different methods of moving blocks to the pyramid site.
b. An argument about the different ways of building blocks.
c. An argument on how to use a little rock'n'roll in Egypt and Cairo, as well As an Egyptian truck or large pickup trucks with stones along paths."
d. An argument about how to make sleds easier than a square

Correct Options is a.
Question: What project has been carried out to make a survey of the nicknames that came about?
a. A Survey on Nicknames
b. A Survey on Nicknames
c. A Survey of the nickname.
d. A Survey about the nickname

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the nickname that locals have for a place?
a. sometimes nicknames can help save lives
b. nicknames can help people find a place
c. nicknames are more important than official names.
d. nicknames can help people get a better job

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Professor Sabbatucci do when he was robbed?
a. hoped to get the money
b. hoped to get the money
c. hoped to find out what was happening.
d. hoped to make friends with others

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the robbery that happened when he dropped his winning lottery ticket?
a. rejecting
b. stealing
c. giving up.
d. chasing

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the robbery that happened when Vinicio Sabbatucci,58, dropped his winning lottery ticket at the scene?
a. A Thief's Lucky Day
b. A thief's Lucky Day
c. A Maths Professor and his friend.
d. A Young Man

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is the Loyola coach?
a. Bill San Hamel
b. Jason Hayes
c. Tom Meaney.
d. Sacred Heart

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the girls basketball team in St. Patrick?
a. The Marist.
b. The Sacred Heart.
c. Bartlett and the Rambler Baseball Winter Workshops in St. Patrick's gym!
d. The Marist Girls' basketball team

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do you get the registration fee?
a. phone 847-920-2523 to register early
b. contact 630-372-4700 to register
c. call 815-762 for more information.
d. call 773) 282-8844

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long did I live at Embry Riddle Aeronautical University?
a. stayed in a university for one week
b. stayed in a college dorm for two weeks
c. stayed with eagles at the university.
d. stayed there to learn about aviation

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did flying inspire me to do?
a. having their own dreams
b. Seeing the world
c. Having a dream.
d. Getting ready for the future

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for this change in family work?
a. Many children are often brought up by a single parent.
b. Many children are not able to work independently.
c. Many children don't have the means of doing it by themselves in their daily life, and they don'T have the means for them personally or professionally at all!
d. Many people are too busy with their work because of lack of time

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has happened to people racing to grab jobs?
a. workers'sense is affected by economic recession
b. they want to get to work and work as fastly.
c. they want to receive the paycheck from their employees,but they don't know how much money it costs for them in our jobs."
d. they want to get to work quickly but they don' t want to work

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way we employ teamwork in everyday lives?
a. analyzing some cases
b. analyzing some cases
c. comparing different kinds of situations.
d. comparing different kinds of situations

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for a parent's job?
a. To show his attitude towards teamwork.
b. To teach his children the fundamental skills.
c. To give his children the knowledge they need to be successful in life, and so on."
d. To show that he is not stepping up or taking responsibility for his children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one thing modern carpenters have that enables him to do better job?
a. more learned
b. more advanced
c. more advanced tools.
d. more advanced

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do most people think is not the only one that can be able to make goods in technological society?
a. Is Craft Dead?
b. Is Craft a Good Idea?
c. Is Craft a Good Productive or Not.
d. Is Craft a Good Job for Carpenters of Old

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Kirn Yunos say was the best thing she had done at the Olympics?
a. her dream finally came true
b. she was happy to be here
c. she was excited about the Olympics.
d. she was happy with her program

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Kirn Yunga say was a big factor?
a. joined in the competition with great pressure from her country
b. she was the most important athlete in her life
c. she was the favorite to finish top of the podium.
d. She was the best athlete at the Olympics

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who won gold at the women' s figure skating event?
a. Joannie Rochette joined in the games with great sorrow
b. Kirn Yuna was the most important athlete in her life
c. Mao Assama took silver while Joannic Rochette of Canada grabbed bronze medal.
d. The 19-year-old was the overwhelming favorite to finish top of the podium

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between meditation and a person's state of mind?
a. Meditation can cure people of many illnesses.
b. It can bring back peace of mind.
c. It can make people angry with their families, co-workers and friends easily in a calm stateofmind itself."
d. It is not necessary to have a meditation method for 20 minutes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Kaitlyn Rentala argue is not a good thing about college athletes?
a. Training leaves them no time to work and they should be paid.
b. They can't earn extra money.
c. They can' hardly get a job for extra spending cash and they can't get a good job at school, too."
d. They can' not make money because they are in high school to get an education

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who supports college athletes?
a. Robbie Pokora
b. Kaitlyn Rentala
c. Michael Massett.
d. Kate Macrae

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Kaitlyn Rentala argue colleges should not pay their athletes for if they need extra money?
a. Pay to play?---- Should college athletes be paid?
b. Pay to play?---- Should college athletes be paid for their sports.
c. Should college athletes be paid by the colleges?" --

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way Americans can make friends with?
a. shopping centers
b. churches
c. parks and sports clubs.
d. restaurants

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a general invitation that Americans make for dinner or tea?
a. Nice to meet you! Are you from America?
b. A special time.
c. A special time for you to meet us!
d. A special time of your life

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some people think we can't understand about friendship?
a. Some advice on how to make friends with Americans.
b. Some advice on how to make friends with Americans.
c. Some advice about how to speak English in China and China, too!
d. Some advice on how to get close to Americans

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do Americans often make general invitations?
a. To ask him to join you for dinner.
b. To show an interest in your culture.
c. To show an interest in your country or their job, and so on!
d. To show an interest in your culture

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the day when I cannot jump over a tennis net?
a. time alone will tell
b. I am a young man
c. I am an old person.
d. I am a sportsman

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Dr. Joyce Brothers say about Fifty?
a. got inspiration with him
b. was a good number
c. was hung on by his friend.
d. was a kind of doctor

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of lifestyle did Robert Browning consider the number fifty?
a. peaceful
b. friendly
c. interesting.
d. boring

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good way to show how aging feels to me physically and mentally?
a. the old should take more exercise
b. the old should be more active
c. the young should be more active than others.
d. the older should be more active

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do I choose each time someone comes to me complaining?
a. learn from it
b. be a victim
c. be able to point out the positive side of life.
d. be in good mood

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Michael do when he fell off the ground?
a. most people can't lead a positive life at any time
b. He was released from the hospital
c. He was a victim of the accident.
d. He was rushed to hospital with rods in his back

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the required qualification for a Science Teacher?
a. Experience in UK.
b. Experience in South London.
c. Experience with the Clarus Education Team,
d. Experience in South London

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the school that has made huge progress?
a. Teach KS3-5 pupils well.
b. KS3--5.
c. KS3-5 pupils aged 11 to 18.
d. KS1-3 students in the same age

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the first job of a weatherman?
a. an interview
b. a newspaper
c. an advertisement.
d. he wrote news

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of journalist did I major in?
a. news reporter
b. TV Weatherman
c. meteorologist.
d. weather scientist

Correct Options is a.
Question: What two types of weather forecasts did the local TV station have?
a. both A and B
b. computer information
c. Doppler radar and satellites.
d. a single weather system might split into snow or snow mixed with rain

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of field did Sam Champion work for?
a. meteorology
b. TV
c. broadcasting news.
d. radio

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for birds to seek food in fields and forests?
a. Their being caught more easily.
b. Their lack of snow.
c. Their poor health and health in winter homes, too!
d. Their being caught by predators during hibernation

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do birds need to wait for 6 inches of snow before taking out their bird feeder?
a. To avoid attracting bears.
b. To avoid being bitten by bears.
c. Because they are not able to seek food in fields and forests for theirnatural foods, too?
d. Because there are sightings of bears at home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has had mixed effects on animals?
a. Warm weather benefits birds in winter.
b. Warm weather brings snow to the world.
c. Warm weather makes birds feel more comfortable in winter than before, and they are too tired for them now!
d. Warm weather brings rainy conditions on the earth

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has caused the birds to seek food in fields and forests?
a. Lack of Snow Affects North American Animals
b. The weather in North America is too cold
c. The weather has been too cold for them to get enough energy.
d. The weather in North America is too cold

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has caused the droughts that have affected the northern part of China?
a. the climate in northern China is colder and drier
b. the deserts are becoming more and more dangerous
c. the deserts have become more and more beautiful.
d. the drought is causing the deserts to grow worse

Correct Options is a.
Question: How far away is Beijing from the city?
a. More than 2 km a year.
b. About 2 km a year.
c. More than 3 km per year, and more then 4 km each month in the city of Beijing's capital."
d. More than 4 km a year

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the Great Green Wall?
a. To stop the deserts from moving towards Beijing.
b. To stop the deserts from disappearing under sand.
c. To prevent the deserts from becoming more and more dangerous in China, to be destroyed by the storm of 2006.
d. To make Beijing become the world' first modern city with a new environment

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the environment that has affected Beijing?
a. Environment.
b. Environment.
c. Agriculture and agriculture, but not water for the environment in Beijing's northern part of China."
d. Environment

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of their biggest problems?
a. working wives do most of the housework
b. They don't cook, clean and look after their children
c. they burn rice or they can find the pans.
d. they have a really wonderful vacation at Mother'S Camp

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are women not allowed at Mother'S Camp?
a. bring their husbands and children
b. cook
c. look after their children and husbands.
d. sing songs around the campfire

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do some women spend a weekend at Mother's Camp?
a. they are too busy to relax themselves
b. they are too busy to sleep
c. they don't want to go home.
d. they have no time for their family

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the biggest problems working women have?
a. Housework
b. Cooking
c. Swimming.
d. Boating

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some women go to for a break from housework?
a. Mothers Relax Away from Home
b. Mothers Play a Game
c. Mothers Eat Food and Drink Coffee.
d. Mothers Have a Wonderful Vacation at Mother'S Camp

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the goal of the Kyoto Protocol?
a. To help protect our earth.
b. To stop the pollution.
c. To help the U.S and its big businesses agreeing to follow it, too!
d. To make the world clean

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is not good about the United States?
a. the U.S. refuses to follow the Kyoto Protocol
b. the U.S. is one of the richest countries in the world
c. it is one of the most pollutionemitting countries around us and its big businesses agreeing to follow them all by themselves."
d. the U.S. doesn' t have enough money for helping stop global warming

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for this issue?
a. global warming threatens animals' survival
b. the U.S. is one of the richest countries in the world
c. the United States is not following the Kyoto Protocol to stop global warming and its big businesses are going through it."
d. the USA is a country with great wealth

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the biggest problem with global warming?
a. Environmental problems.
b. The environment.
c. The greenhouse gases in the atmosphere and the environment!
d. The pollution of the earth's air

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many children do we have?
a. ten children
b. four children
c. four kids.
d. five children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Mr. Brown surprised at?
a. all the children are in the same clothes
b. All the children are wearing the same clothes
c. all the children are wearing the same clothes.
d. all the children are wearing the same clothes

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why does Mr. Brown think that a child is not wearing the same clothes?
a. she wants to see her children easily among others
b. she wants to take other children home
c. she wants to see her children in the street.
d. she wants to take other children away by mistake

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who can you advertise through the Careers Centre?
a. people recruiting employers
b. students from university of Sydney
c. students who are interested in the job.
d. people who are interested in the job

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are the reasons for a volunteer position?
a. Advertising unpaid positions with registered non-profit organizations is permitted.
b. The job advertisement is not suitable for the university.
c. The job advertisements are not clear and informative to employers in need of assistance or support from them, too!
d. The job advertisement is not available on the web

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are the reasons for unpaid work?
a. experience required, payment and contact details
b. experience required, salary and contact details
c. flexibility in study/exam timetables location of work pay rate.
d. flexibility with regard to study/exam timetables

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Joachim Schmid believe is worth looking at?
a. is fond of collecting family life photographs
b. is fond of collecting discarded photographs
c. is fond of collecting newspaper images.
d. is fond of collecting discarded photographs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of attitude did Richard Prince have?
a. optimistic
b. doubtful
c. unsure.
d. optimistic

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the Chinese perspective on?
a. What have been done or will be done to rescue the people in the disaster.
b. What have been done to protect the people in the disaster.
c. What have been done or will be done for the disaster?
d. What have been done and will be done to help the people in the disaster

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people died in the snow and ice storm?
a. more than 24
b. 22
c. 126.820
d. more than 24

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can a parent do?
a. homework helps children to learn independently
b. homework helps children to learn at home
c. homework helps children develop good study habits.
d. homework helps children to get into the best colleges and universities

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can parents do to help students learn?
a. There is a lack of sleeping time.
b. Students are not allowed to do homework.
c. Students are not allowed to do homework at home or in the school anymore, too!
d. Students are not allowed to do homework every night

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can a parent do to help students learn?
a. to call for proper amounts of homework
b. to get into the best colleges
c. not to do too much homework at home.
d. to put pressure on their kids

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Chinese learn from the Silk Road?
a. to deal with a lot of difficulties
b. to learn from the world
c. to share their beliefs with others.
d. to make new kinds of fruit

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Silk Road offer?
a. sea travel provided easier routes
b. the world's longest highway
c. a smooth path for traders.
d. more than one route

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Chinese learn to graft different things?
a. learned from one another
b. learned from each other
c. learned by themselves.
d. learned from each other

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the trade that impacted China'd merchant?
a. The Silk Road; East Meets West
b. The Silk Road; East Meets West
c. The Silk Road and East meets South.
d. The Silk Road, East meets North

Correct Options is a.
Question: What percentage of China's salt does not have?
a. about 3/4 of the salt we eat is already in the food we buy
b. 75% of the salt we eat is already in the food that we buy
c. about 75% of the salt we eat is already in the food they buy.
d. about 75% of the salt we eat is already in the food we buy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important thing to do when you want to cut down on salt?
a. eat less heavily salted food
b. eat less salt bread
c. eat more meat and vegetables.
d. eat less meat

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important thing that can help you cut down on high salt foods?
a. To advise people to be careful about the amount of salt they eat.
b. To make sure that you have enough salt.
c. To help people to eat more meat and vegetables in the future, or to avoid adding salt at home for dinners."
d. To tell people how much salt they eat is important because of the way they are made

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people in the population action international study are expected to have water by 2025?
a. At least forty-six
b. About thirty-five
c. More than twenty.
d. At least twenty

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people lack water by the year 2025?
a. 3,000
b. 5,000
c. 3,000.
d. 25,000

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the report say about water in countries?
a. There's only one long-term solution to solve the water problem, that is we must try our best to control the population growth.
b. There's only one way to solve the water problem.
c. The population growth is increasing in countries because of lack of water now and then, it will cause more international conflict with other nations."
d. The demand for water has increased by about three thousand million people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for the lack of water?
a. water shortage will be a serious problem facing us in the near future
b. The population in the world is growing rapidly
c. The number of countries has increased by 2025.
d. The people in the Middle East are not drinking enough water

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Judith WylieRosett say about 23% of people who had been at their weight?
a. They were unhealthy in two or more aspects.
b. They were overweight.
c. They were obese in two or more aspects of the body and heart disease, too!
d. They were overweight at a high blood pressure level

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for a study by Norbert Stefan?
a. avoid becoming obese
b. lose weight
c. lose weight.
d. get fat

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Judith WylieRosett believe that all obese person can still be?
a. be both fat and healthy
b. be overweight
c. be overweight and thin.
d. be overweight

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Donald Lubeck feel safe?
a. Because he thought he could get out easily.
b. Because he was in trouble.
c. Because he was in trouble with his family and friends, too!
d. Because a wall of flames caused the fire to go out

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Wentew do to find the black smoke?
a. He climbed down a ladder found by Wentworth.
b. He walked to the kitchen.
c. He called Wentworth's house for help and help him out of trouble, too!
d. He walked outside his house with his wife

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the person who shook Lubeck' house?
a. Calm and brave.
b. Hardworking and brave.
c. Hard-going but kind, too!
d. Kind and hard working

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who was the neighbor of Lubeck?
a. trusts Jeremie Wentworth
b. a friend of Wentworth
c. a neighbor who lived in the house.
d. a neighbor with his wife

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Fan Zhongyan's poem about?
a. some information about Yueyang Tower
b. some famous poets
c. some interesting stories about Yueyang Tower.
d. some pictures of YueYang

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the first building that Yueyang Tower built for?
a. an army-training place
b. a bridge
c. Xiaoqiao's tomb.
d. Yiaoqiao

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the tower that Yueyang rebuilt into?
a. South Tower
b. South Tower
c. Xiaoqiao Pavilion.
d. The Huaifu Pavilion

Correct Options is a.
Question: When was the Song Dynasty stationed at Baling Jun?
a. In 1045.
b. In 716.
c. In 1044, in the third year of 2007.
d. In 716

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the famous poet who repaired Yueyang Tower?
a. Tomb of Du Fu.
b. The Xiaoxiang Door.
c. The Sanzuy Pavilion in honor of Du Fu, and Fan Zhongyan's wife."
d. The Huaifu Pavilion

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Professor Bonk do to students?
a. they thought they could pass the final easily
b. they thought they could pass the final easily
c. they thought they could pass the final quickly.
d. they thought they could pass the final well

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the reason Professor Bonka told them to go back to Duke?
a. Bonk didn't believe the two guys' explanation
b. They had a good time there.
c. The two guys were tired of their work at night and didn't have spares for the final week."
d. They had no spare money to go back home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the students do that led them to take their final?
a. apologize to Professor Bonk
b. go to the university of Virginia
c. go back home in time for study.
d. go up and play with Professor Bonk

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the policy that Professor Bonk gave them?
a. honesty is the best policy
b. the best policy
c. a good policy is the worst Policy.
d. honesty is the most important policy

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did Elena Kagan achieve her goal?
a. To take the place of an old Justice,a Justice was elected by the Senate.
b. To become a Justice on the United States Supreme Court,a Justice was elected by the Senate.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What newspaper did Elena Kagan work on?
a. a newspaper
b. a newspaper <sep>.an advertisement."
c. a magazine

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Mo Yan's novel?
a. The Frog.
b. Red Sorghum.
c. The Mao Dun Literature Prize in 2011.
d. The Golden Bear

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Mo Yan win Nobel Literature?
a. Because his writing mixes folk tales, history and the contemporary.
b. Because he has published novels, short stories and essays on various topic.
c. Because he draws on his youthful experiences in the province of his birth to be one of the foremost contemporary authors."
d. Because he draws on his unique subject feeling world by fantastical narration

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of writing did Mo Yan win?
a. pen
b. novel
c. short story.
d. film

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of program did Kim Chevalier and Sue Casey introduce at Dixie Heights High School?
a. A special educational program.
b. A coffee shop.
c. A coffee store in Georgia, and a special one at Kennesaw Mountain High School!
d. A coffee shop run by students with special learning needs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the Dixie PIT?
a. develop students' practical skills
b. Help students prepare for life after high school
c. Help students learn how to deal with their affairs.
d. Help students prepare for life before high school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the teacher who introduced Dixie PIT?
a. She talked to her on the phone.
b. She made the chi tea.
c. She made her own coffee in class at school, and she gave up their lounge to do so by herself."
d. She helped her prepare for life after high school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the reasons students at Dixie Heights High School start doing coffee?
a. manages the Dixie P1T program in Kenton County
b. is the first coffee shop in Kenton County
c. has a special learning needs.
d. is the district's first coffee shop

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the Dixie PIT?
a. In a newspaper.
b. In a newspaper.
c. On a TV program in Georgia, and on the Internet at home for students to buy coffees from schools."
d. In a newspaper with a newspaper

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the two things that my sister did when she went to New York for 'business trip?
a. Unpleasing and scary.
b. Unpleasant and sad.
c. Worried but unfriendly, except for the driver's name!
d. Unpleasant & happy

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did my brother go to Tunisia?
a. Because the taxi drivers disappeared on purpose.
b. Because he was very friendly.
c. Because he was very busy in the Mediterranean cruises!
d. Because he was very tired of his work

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the UK A friend do when she went to New York for business?
a. They are all about taking a taxi.
b. They are all about a conference.
c. They are all about a trip to London for business!
d. They are all about the hotel's name and address

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has happened to people in the last 200 years?
a. reduce the overuse of natural resources
b. produce a great amount of material and chemical wastes
c. produce fewer materials than nature can make them.
d. produce more material and chemical waste

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has happened to humans during this time period?
a. Human activities have done damage to the balance of nature.
b. Humans have lost their natural resources.
c. Human activities have caused a lot of damage to the balance between nature and society,
d. Human activities have caused a lot of damage in the balance of nature

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has caused problems in the long run?
a. The Success of Cultural Adaptation Is Not Permanent.
b. The Global Population has risen from 8 million during the Ice Age to about 6 billion today.
c. People have begun to use large quantities of natural resources and energy, as well as produce some important materials or chemical wastes in the process

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did he do to get him surgery?
a. To have his friend admitted into the hospital.
b. To borrow money from other friends.
c. To get his salary in advance for the surgery of a friend's life and pay all the bills to him at once, but he didn't want to be saved by the surgeon."
d. To have his boss talk with him about his future career

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the person who had kidney stones?
a. Warm - hearted.
b. - confident.
c. - confident, and generous!
d. Unforgettable

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the surgeon ask for?
a. True friends should share in joys and sorrows alike.
b. The surgeon should pay the expenses for the surgery.
c. The surgeon should give his money to his friends in advance and get a good salary at the hospital, too!
d. The doctor should have a chance to help his friend with his surgery

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did researchers say sheep could be a good animal?
a. scientists have learned little about sheep's intelligence
b. sheep are cleverer than humans
c. scientists have underestimated the woolly creatures.
d. scientists have learned little about sheep's intelligence

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Kendrick believe was dumb?
a. when sheep eat grass in the fields their minds may be active
b. when sheep eat grass in the fields they may be frightened of everything
c. after hours, people will be frightened by all kinds of animals.
d. when sheep are frightened to eat grass and grass their minds might be active

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of behavior did Kendrick believe sheep were not able to show?
a. interesting
b. interesting
c. strange.
d. frightened

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Raymond Kroc enter a partnership with his brothers?
a. the effect social and economic changes have on people's eating habits
b. the difference between men and women
c. the change of the social environment in America.
d. the relationship between men and women

Correct Options is a.
Question: What movement was the result of a successful business?
a. The back-to-nature movement.
b. The fast-food movement.
c. The economy of the United States and Americas,
d. The economic movement for women

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Raymond Kroc enter a partnership with his brothers?
a. divorce caused people to change their eating habits
b. He wanted to make more money
c. His brothers were very successful.
d. He wanted to become a famous restaurant owner

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are the main forms of public transport in Singapore?
a. both buses and trains
b. trains and buses
c. buses,buses or taxises.
d. buses

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where does Tran-sit Link stand for help?
a. 1800 767 4333
b. 6222 5165
c. 6652 2222.
d. 6652 8888

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why is it difficult to get to places around Singapore?
a. It's very easy for visitors to travel in Singapore.
b. It's easy for tourists to drive in Singapore.
c. It'll take a long time and you can't see the city easily at all!
d. It'd better rent a car than renting a car

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the movie that focuses on Happiness?
a. The 2nd one.
b. The 1st one.
c. The 2nd two, and the 3rd ones!
d. The 3rd one

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the story of a movie that has been showing at the moment?
a. frightening
b. funny
c. funny.
d. silly

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the movie that focuses on two people?
a. Twelve Hours
b. I Scream
c. Paul's Heroes.
d. Paul and Danny Roy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the person who has been a customer service manager?
a. Dissatisfied.
b. Disappointed.
c. Dissatisfied and frightened!
d. Disappointed

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the person who has little experience with customer service?
a. The new employee will be punished.
b. The new employee will be punished.
c. The new employee will be punished by the company manager's bosses and employees of the company, Mr Morris."
d. The new employee will be punished for his behavior in the company

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of the apology to you?
a. To preserve the customer's confidence.
b. To make the customer feel sorry.
c. To ask the company to take action against it for the inconvenience caused by the incident and its employees' behavior, too!
d. To show that the service department is not good at providing services online

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the letter that we have written for you?
a. Both are written to make an apology.
b. Both are written to make an apology.
c. Both are written by the customer service department and a company manager, David Johns' businessman or a new employee in your company for free at no extra cost of the service they own now!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name for the way mothers use kangaroos?
a. The direct skin contact reduce the risk of failing ill
b. The mother's heartbeat helps control the baby.
c. The mother' s breathing rate is controlled by its heart beat and blood pressure."
d. The mothers' heartbeat makes the baby more comfortable

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the way mothers carry their young in front?
a. They are born before the usual time
b. They are born in a pouch
c. They are born at the usual time.
d. They are born before the usual time

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the new way Senegal mothers learn to do?
a. saving premature babies with an idea from nature
b. keeping babies wrapped to their chests
c. keeping babies wrapped in a pouch.
d. keeping babies wrapped with the baby

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of NerysDee' book?
a. Some people have long dreams and others have very short ones.
b. Some people have long dreams and others have short ones.
c. Some people have strange dreams but others have unpleasant ones, too!
d. Some people have a long dream while others have very short ones

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long do dreams occur?
a. in the last stage of 90-minute cycles
b. in the first stage of REM
c. during the first five stages.
d. at the beginning of the sixth phase

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did 80% of people who were woken during the sixth stage can do?
a. easily remember their dreams
b. experience rapid eye movement
c. have unpleasant dreams.
d. have REM sleep for at least an hour and a half

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for a dream?
a. have trouble getting into sleep at night
b. have no time to sleep
c. have no time for a long journey.
d. have difficulty in thinking activity

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of a trip to Canada?
a. so that they can save money
b. so that they can have a good rest
c. to make their life colorful and relaxing.
d. so that they can find fewer places for camping

Correct Options is a.
Question: What year does Dave and I go to the United States?
a. July is drawing near.
b. July is coming.
c. July is coming to the United States and Canada, in fact it will be a year of vacationing there for four weeks!
d. July is not so long as we haven't been camping with Dave

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do we need to do in order for us not hurt insects?
a. they are sure to take some medicine on the trip.
b. They will have a picnic on the trip.
c. they will have a trip to the United States and Canada in July, 2014.
d. They will visit many cities for free

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason we are going to camp?
a. have to stay in a hotel for the night.
b. have to travel in a hotel.
c. have to go camping for four weeks and visit many cities, so we have to find fewer places there at night."
d. want to see and do many things on our camping tour

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Poet William Stafford say about road?
a. It would be faster and safer.
b. It would be safer and safer.
c. It would be safer but more dangerous than road trips in life."
d. It would be easier to drive faster, shorter or less

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Banner do with his mama days before our trip to Boise?
a. take care of the lamb
b. take care of the lamb
c. take care of the lamb.
d. take care of the lamb

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the kids do to get back in the car breathless and energized?
a. To let them cool down.
b. To catch grasshoppers in waisthigh.
c. To chase them out of the car window and feed him up to safety!
d. To let them drive fast,stopping only when they had to

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did William Stafford say we are defined more by?
a. Charm of the Detour
b. The Way to achieve goals
c. The Ways of the Detour.
d. The Way to reach goals

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main goal of speed dating?
a. All the parties are aimed at strangers who want to be lovers.
b. The parties are aimed at people who want to be lovers.
c. The parties are aimed at the young and the young in the world, but they are not popular with the young on this V-day anymore!
d. The parties are aimed at getting rid of the old people's problems

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is exactly what the name implies?
a. Speed dating.
b. Lock and key party.
c. Message parties with a number of messages on the bulletin board!
d. The first date for singles in the world

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main goal of speed dating?
a. you have to eat with your hands
b. you can make new friends
c. you can get a lot of gifts from the people in your life.
d. you can find your first date with a whistle

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a speed dating party?
a. 2.
b. 1.
c. 3.
d. 5.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Danny Lopez feel like?
a. he is half-white and half-Mexican
b. he is white and black
c. he is white.
d. he is not fit in

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the book that Lopez's mother is a part of?
a. book
b. book
c. story.
d. story

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one thing that Lopez does not like about his family?
a. works in the fields in which he was kept off the school team
b. is a white man and a black woman
c. is too brown to fit in at his private high school.
d. is not interested in baseball

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Danny Lopez do to improve his pitching skills?
a. they were both in the school baseball team
b. they were both in the school baseball team
c. they were both in the school football teams.
d. they were both in the school baseball team

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the person who won 5 Olympic gold medals?
a. He overcame the bad influence of illness to win.
b. He was found to have developed diabetes.
c. He was found to have a high blood pressure in 1997 and had no training at all for the first time now, but he was not finished yet."
d. He was found to have developed diabetes because of his lack of encouragement

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Kirsten's job title?
a. Her training schedule.
b. Her career.
c. Her family and hobbies, as well As Karen Pickering Swimming World Champion!
d. Her dream of becoming a winner in the Olympic Games

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the key to success?
a. Self-confidence.
b. Self-confidence.
c. Self-control and confidence in life."
d. Self-confidence

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for girls being deprived of education?
a. It creates more children.
b. It raises economic productivity.
c. It reduces birth rates and improves environmental management,
d. It reduces the risk of premature child deaths by 8 percent

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for the lack of education?
a. Some girls in Sudan and Indonesia are bound to live a life without education when they are born.
b. Women in power prefer to change the situation.
c. The poorer women are more likely to die of infectious diseases than men at school, and they don't have enough money for education now or then."
d. The poorest countries have the worst figures for girls' education

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many girls are in the world?
a. 6
b. 3
c. 5
d. 6

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for girls being born in the world?
a. essential
b. shameful
c. unfriendly.
d. poor

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my parents try to do?
a. They lived an easy and happy life.
b. They lived a rich life.
c. They lived mainly with their children and grandchildren in the world, as well!
d. They lived a happy life without any money or money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my dad do when walking to the shopping center?
a. They regularly took exercise together.
b. They slept in the bedroom.
c. They listened to their family prayer at night, and watched TV for them all day long!
d. They listened to their parents' prayers every day

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my parents want to do?
a. their attitude towards life
b. their love for life
c. their marriage.
d. their relationship with each other

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many years ago did the Capital Dancing Company perform?
a. 80
b. 63
c. 80.
d. 70

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the definition of a "hard"?
a. unrealistic
b. difficult
c. hard-working.
d. arousing

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the capital dancing company's philosophy?
a. The company has an inherited tradition of inspiring its members break their limits.
b. The company is a famous dancer.
c. The company is a great company with the greatest honor of being able to perform in it now and then, as he has become a member for many years."
d. The company has been a successful dancer since 1925

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the doctor say about a man?
a. health is more important than wealth
b. health is more important than wealth
c. health is more important as money.
d. health is more important than wealth

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the doctor say was not medicine for his disease?
a. after he has examined the patient
b. after he has taken the patient to hospital
c. before he has taken the patient's medicine.
d. when he has been ill

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the doctor say if man wanted to be well again?
a. didn't smoke
b. didn't smoke
c. was not ill.
d. would have a good rest

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did The Times change its size to a tabloid?
a. 1788
b. 221
c. 1788.
d. 1890

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between The Times's newspapers?
a. They are different in size, content and the style of language.
b. They are different in size, content and the style of language.
c. They are different from the larger broadsheets to the smaller tabloid's pages at present or in the future if they are more serious than before now!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Britain's best-selling newspaper?
a. The Sun
b. The Independent
c. The Guardian and Daily Telegraph.
d. The Times

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason The Times has changed its size?
a. it wants to increase its circulation
b. it wants to make more money
c. it wants to change its style of paper.
d. it wants to be more popular

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between the larger broadsheets and smaller tabloid?
a. Although The Times has cut its size, it remains a serious paper.
b. The Times has changed its size to the smaller tabloid.
c. The larger broadsheets are, the bigger it is now than the smaller ones in Britain and abroad at present!
d. The longer it is, the more people like to travel on the bus or the train

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Wuhan's new system?
a. Having finished bathing, the student has to pay for it.
b. It is a kind of race.
c. The student has to pay for it in the shower every day, and then buy money on it at once!
d. The student has to pay for it after finishing bathing with cash or their student ID card

Correct Options is a.
Question: How much water did Wuhan University use to charge students for the amount of time they want in a shower?
a. one half
b. one quarter
c. two thirds.
d. sixty

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Wuhan University able to do?
a. the new operation can raise students' environmental awareness
b. the new system can help students develop a water-saving sense
c. the new system can save money for students' money.
d. the new system can make students pay more attention to their time

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Wuhan University's new system for bathhouse?
a. Campus Life.
b. Bad Bathing.
c. Bad Showers in the University of Shanghai,
d. Bad Bad Bad Bad

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Julie teach people about the dog?
a. Families are taught how to take care of their gardens.
b. Children are taught how to take care of their gardens.
c. People are taught how to keep the dog clean and tidy in a safe place for them all year round!
d. Dogs are taught how to use tap water as resources when they are in need

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Julie say when people take along their dog?
a. She takes pride in her community.
b. She is a dog lover.
c. She is a gardener in the community, too!
d. She is a housewife of Australia's nature

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is caring for the environment called?
a. Love nature, the Australian way
b. Love nature, the Australian way
c. Take care of animals and animals.
d. Take care of animals in the community

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Victorians do to their faces?
a. They enjoyed themselves.
b. They sat for their Daguerrotype.
c. They sat with the camera to see what was happening in them' lives and photos of themselves, they were still alive now."
d. They had a sense of humor about the darkest aspects of society

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Victorians believe was important?
a. they regarded photography important
b. they regarded photography as important
c. they regarded photography very serious.
d. they thought it was a significant moment

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of attitude did Victorians have in regards to the darkest aspects?
a. Positive.
b. Negative.
c. Doubtful and optimistic,
d. Uninterested

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the health survey?
a. About one third of them brush their teeth only once a day.
b. About one third of them brush their teeth only once a day.
c. About one third of them brush their teeth twice a day in America and Canada, at least three times every day!
d. About one third of them brush their teeth only once a day

Correct Options is a.
Question: How often do seniors brush their teeth?
a. eight times a day
b. once a day
c. twice every day.
d. three times a week

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of your food that you use to kill bacteria?
a. A kitchen sponge can carry more germs than a toilet.
b. A toilet can carry more germs than a toothbrush.
c. A sponge is the only food that you use to kill bacteria in your mouth and mouth, or nose?
d. A kitchen sponge can carry more germs than if it is your toilet

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the magazine that has been published?
a. a popular magazine
b. a popular magazine <sep>.an expert newspaper
c. a science fiction

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where do people fear earthquakes?
a. regularly in most places in the world
b. in some places that have little or no earthquakes
c. often at least one place.
d. always on the mountainous side of the world

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people died in the earthquake in 1755?
a. 2,000.
b. 700.
c. 400,000, and 600,000.
d. 400,000

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did the worst earthquake ever occur?
a. 1556; China.
b. In 1923; Japan.
c. 1976, in which 400,000 people were killed or injured by fires and earthquake strikes."
d. 1855-76

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the biggest concern about Earthquakes?
a. The stronger the earthquake is, the more people are killed.
b. People can not prepare for the earthquake.
c. People can't know when they are coming in an earthquake, and we can' hardly stop it at all!
d. People can never make plans to prevent earthquakes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a young person do to avoid being so much more than one?
a. he was tired from the journey
b. he was tired of the journey
c. he was tired from the journey.
d. he was tired and tired

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Inter-Rail holiday do?
a. To get to one place cheaply.
b. To get to a camp-site in southern France.
c. To go on the guided tour with his parents and friends,entrenched by himself at home or abroad."
d. To take a whole month out of Europe for a long time

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the purpose of buying one train ticket?
a. he could make his own decisions
b. he could go anywhere in Europe
c. he could travel around the world.
d. he could get to and from his chosen camp-site

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of trainer is Jeannie trained at?
a. dog
b. dog
c. animal.
d. dog

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the dog that helps a disabled person?
a. do some cooking at home
b. do some shopping at home
c. do some training in a store.
d. do some shopping with Noah

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do people ask about Lee Ann Laraway?
a. they want to play with his dog
b. they want to talk with Noah
c. they want to talk about his dog.
d. they want to talk to Noah

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do dogs warn their owners of sounds like?
a. Dogs are helpful to people
b. Dogs are disabled
c. Dogs can be trained by trainer.
d. Dogs can help people with their work

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do dogs warn of?
a. Dogs that help their blind owners cross over a road.
b. Dogs that help their blind owners move.
c. Dogs that help their disabled owners walk over a road and cross the street with them."
d. Dogs that help their blind owners move to a park

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main difference between my father's personality?
a. Knowledgeable and sociable.
b. Optimistic and strict.
c. Optimistic but hard-working,
d. Unbreakable

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did I feel about my dad?
a. She felt pity for those children without the father.
b. She felt sad to see so many friends and neighbors without the father.
c. She felt sorry for those children with the father-like figure around her at home, too!
d. She felt happy that her dad always takes an interest in his children's lives

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Business Daily Update?
a. get the information of the latest business activities taking place in China
b. Get the information of the latest business activities in China
c. Get the information about the most important business activity taking place there every day.
d. Get the information of the top three events highlighted all in English

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of people are featured in Business Daily Update?
a. foreign business people
b. foreign businesspeople
c. Chinese people's friends.
d. Japanese people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the business activity offered by China Daily?
a. know how to operate a computer
b. know how to use a computer
c. know how to use a computer.
d. know how to use a computer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for the discovery of the butterfly Ecological Park?
a. stress that Sichuan has plenty of butterfly resources.
b. encourage people to enjoy the sight of flying flowers.
c. promote the conservation in Sichuan and Yunnan, too!
d. show that there are more than 500 species living in Sichan or Yunnan

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the butterfly ecosystem?
a. Because butterflies of various species can live there naturally.
b. Because there are many butterflies in China.
c. Because there are many species of butterflies living on the mountain level, and they live in a forest with a large population to feed them all around it."
d. Because there are many species of butterflies that can be found everywhere

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did rescuers look strange?
a. didn't have the normal shape
b. were afraid of the earthquake
c. were afraid to see her last posture.
d. were afraid of the ruins

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the rescuer who carried him out?
a. was fast asleep
b. was a doctor
c. was a doctor.
d. was a doctor

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to her after she was found?
a. the great love of a mother in the earthquake
b. the earthquake caused a lot of damage to her home
c. the destruction of the house in the earthquake.
d. the death of stricken people around him

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long has the treasure trove gone on in southern India?
a. It hasn't been decided yet.
b. It has been discovered for a long time.
c. It has been hidden since the past week, and it has been discovered in the temple of Kerala now!
d. It has been found by a seven-member team of investigators

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are the treasure trove of ancient stones found in southern India?
a. The treasures include gold, diamonds and some old coins.
b. The treasures are gold, diamonds and some old coins.
c. The treasures are hidden for centuries in the underground vault of a temple at the temple level to the temple levels,000.
d. The treasures are found in the underground vaults of ten secret subterranean vaults

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has happened to the treasure trove?
a. the crowd will make trouble without proper control
b. the government will take a favorable step
c. the government will take measures to control it.
d. the government will take measures against it

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of junk is the space junk?
a. is made up of small pieces of things
b. is made up of small things
c. is made up of big objects.
d. is made up of small pieces

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a cloud of junk that blocks?
a. will stop the future space vehicles
b. will make the space shuttles stronger
c. will make the space travel faster.
d. will make the space travel more smoothly

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the cost of sending satelli into space?
a. It can save a large amount of money.
b. It can save a lot of money.
c. It can make the space junk bigger and smaller in size, too!
d. It can help the earth to get more clean up

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Christianne Corbett's research?
a. More girls score higher in math than boys.
b. More girls work in STEM subjects than men.
c. More girls study more at school and women are achieving or not, too."
d. More girls work in STEM fields as well as men

Correct Options is a.
Question: What factors have been found to make a difference in the study of STEM subjects?
a. Culture and environment.
b. Science and technology.
c. Technology, engineering or mathematics in the US!
d. The American Chemical Society's exception

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for more female STEM subjects?
a. Having both women and men in science and engineering can produce better scientific achievement.
b. Women are more interested in science than men.
c. Women and minorities are not encouraged to study STEM today, because they are not interested enough for the research of it's done at school now."
d. Women and women are not allowed to study STEM until the age of eleven

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to Ben and his wife Susan when they were going through Dorling?
a. the road was getting narrower and their car alone was on it
b. they were going to a village
c. they had dinner with their friends.
d. they were going to eat at home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Ben do when he came back?
a. he wanted to telephone his friends where they were
b. he wanted to see if there was a tree in the road
c. he wanted to tell his friends where they were.
d. he wanted to call his friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Ben say about the dinner?
a. the telephone lines were broken by a tree
b. The telephone box was broken
c. the wind had been blowing harder.
d. The phone box was broken by a tree

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the friends do when they drove through town?
a. Ben and his wife seldom  went to Dorling
b. They drove to Dorling
c. They went back home and got to the church.
d. They drove past a church

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the company sponsor?
a. The program is sponsored by Microsoft.
b. The program is sponsored by Microsoft.
c. The program is sponsored by IGOs and NGOs, but not for nonprofits to help students develop their projects in the future."
d. The program is designed by Team Hermes from Egypt

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a chemical that helps us understand the world around you?
a. washing your face with water
b. making products for use
c. putting the oil out of clothes and skin.
d. making products for use

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a great example of chemistry?
a. Chemistry in Everyday Life
b. Chemistry in Everyday Life
c. Chemistry at Work and In the Classroom.
d. Chemistry is a Good Practice for Science

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Chow Yun-fat's job?
a. he keeps on struggling for success
b. he is a postman
c. he is a taxi driver.
d. he is a good actor

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Chow say about his experiences?
a. happy
b. sad
c. disappointed.
d. Angry

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a Hong Kong entertainer?
a. Chow Yun-fat is popular both at home and abroad.
b. Chow Yun-fat is a famous actor.
c. Chow Yun-fat has won many awards and awards since 1985, in Beijing or Shanghai now."
d. Chow Yun-fat is the best actor of Hong Kong's history

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Chow do in the 1970s?
a. call on people to learn from Chow
b. tell people how to make money
c. show his love for Chow.
d. tell people how to be successful

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did you do to help others?
a. express her thanks
b. ask for help
c. ask her to do so.
d. ask her to do something

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the biggest thing I took to heart from your blog?
a. wasn't satisfied with her job
b. was not interested in her job
c. was afraid of her boyfriend's resignation.
d. was worried about her job

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the biggest things I've taken to heart from your blog?
a. He likes helping others through writing positive blogs.
b. He likes writing positive blogs.
c. He is a good executive assistant position for his job and job positions, too!
d. He has changed his opinions on his job because it is inspiring to him

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the main reason for my change in position?
a. A positive attitude is rewarding.
b. A positive attitude is important.
c. A negative attitude is difficult to change in life and work conditions, too!
d. A good attitude towards life has nothing to do with my life

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many years after Woody Guthrie died, how many years later did he enter hospital?
a. 55
b. 20
c. 55.
d. 58.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Bob Dylan do?
a. set an example to American folk singers
b. wrote songs for the Library of Congress
c. sung and played the guitar.
d. set up a team to help American people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Bob Dylan do to help him?
a. Woody suffered from it all his life.
b. He was a great singer.
c. His family and friends knew it would be his hero's best friend in the future."
d. He wrote songs that called for social and political justice

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Bob Dylan call Woody?
a. A folk music hero
b. A songwriter
c. A doctor.
d. An expert

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Jenny do when she went to visit New York?
a. to see her friends
b. to see a film
c. To see if she could go there.
d. to watch a movie

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did Jenny go to visit her friends in New York?
a. By plane.
b. By bus.
c. On foot, by bike and by car in New York City.
d. By train at the airport

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did Jenny and her friends stay at the airport?
a. On Sunday afternoon.
b. On Saturday morning.
c. In the afternoon, on Sunday evening and in the afternoon at night."
d. At noon

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the grandfather's food serve in?
a. He made a wooden bowl for them.
b. He made a wooden bowl for them.
c. He made shaky hands and failing sight to the children's eyesight in silence, too!
d. He made a wooden spoon with wood scraps on the floor

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did the father and wife of grandfather's do this?
a. Because he was made to eat alone.
b. Because he was too tired to eat.
c. Because he was too busy with his food and soiled it in the kitchen, but he didn't like eating alone at all!
d. Because he was too lazy for his family to eat together

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of Ulifeline?
a. encourage their students to seek advice about depression
b. help their students to find out the signs of depression
c. make their students know the sign of depression.
d. provide them with access to Go Ask Alice

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of Ulifeline?
a. intended to counsel college students in mental problems
b. intended to help college students find out signs of depression
c. intended to encourage college students in mental problems.
d. intended for the student's safety

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the site "Uliver" stand for?
a. Ulifeline is a worthwhile website
b. Ulifeline is a resource for college students
c. Ulifelines is aimed at helping students to find out signs of depression.
d. The self-screening program has been developed by Columbia University

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most rare time of the day in Western businesses?
a. serving a company for life is rare now
b. working in a company is rare now
c. working for a company has become a memory.
d. working with long-serving employees can be a good thing

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the rule of removing layers of middle management?
a. workers have to take more responsibility for themselves
b. workers have to take up autonomous learning on site
c. workers have to run for a set of skills.
d. workers have to get used to changes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for the change of workers?
a. try to develop their skills to fit in with changes
b. Having more employees responsible for their own development
c. Having more employees take responsibility to their own development.
d. Taking up autonomous learning on site in workplace

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of the new system?
a. it will finally help to bring more profits to the company
b. it will help to improve the productivity of the workers
c. it will make the company more successful.
d. it will be a good way to keep up with changes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good idea about wild animals?
a. are quick to notice the slightest changes in the environment
b. are able to predict disasters
c. are able to predict disaster.
d. are not able to predict disaster

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the sharks do in Thailand?
a. Watching Animals will Save Us
b. Watching Animals' FeeleSight
c. Seeing Natural Warningses.
d. Watching Human Beings

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the shoe that has been created by Kenton Lee?
a. They can grow with a child.
b. They can grow on the side with Velcro.
c. They can grow in three places, including the front and the back of them to keep their feet healthy!
d. They can be used as a volunteer for an orphanage

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the size of a small shoe?
a. Children aged 4 to 14.
b. Children aged 9 to 14.
c. Children between 4 and 9.
d. Children under 13.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Kenton Lee say about the shoe?
a. How Lee got his inspiration.
b. How Lee made the shoes.
c. How Lee helped his children grow quickly in Kenya and Africa."
d. How Lee started a non-profit organization called Because International

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Kenton Lee think about the shoe?
a. To remind him of his promise.
b. To show his love for the shoe.
c. To tell him how to make a shoe with his feet and ears, too!
d. To remind him of the importance of shoes in Kenya

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between flying and driving?
a. can shift between two forms
b. can be used as a fuel
c. can be operated on ordinary fuel.
d. can be operated by the government

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why are the roads and aircraft authorities not agreeing on flying cars?
a. it's hard to decide whether it's a car or a plane
b. it's not necessary to make a flying car
c. it'll be impossible for the government and aircraft authorities.
d. it'd better buy a flying car than a plane

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for the idea of a car?
a. flying cars may share the market in the future
b. It is not easy to make a flying car
c. it is difficult for the government and the aircraft authorities.
d. It can be used as a fuel source

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between microblogging and blogging?
a. Because a microblog has smaller contents than a traditional blog in actual and total file size.
b. Because a microblog has more content than if it is a traditional blog.
c. Because he or she can share content with other blogs in actual and total file size of the microblogs, too!
d. Because a microblog has less content as compared with a traditional blog

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the first microblog?
a. readers' deleting what a microblog says
b. users' sharing what a microblog says
c. users' sharing what he says with a microblog.
d. readers' sharing what a microblog says

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the first microblog?
a. microblogging has developed so quickly and brought the owners more and more benefits.
b. Microblogging is a broadcast medium in the form of blogging.
c. microblogs are used to promote websites, services and/or products by people around them."
d. Microbloggers have been popular with the users for many years now

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Alice's mother die?
a. Because her family was very poor.
b. Because her family was very poor.
c. Because her brothers and sisters were very caring, too!
d. Because she was not a good mother

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Santa do when she was five?
a. He acted as Santa Claus to send Christmas gifts.
b. He acted as Santa Claus to help her.
c. He acted as Santa Claus for her family and friends in the area of America, at that time they were all very happy with him or her parents' love."
d. He was a member of his family who played Santa Claus on Christmas Day

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Santa do to her?
a. The gifts from Santa Claus were usually for children.
b. She bought two dolls for her daughter.
c. She bought one of the dolls from his parents and her friends to buy them in 1925, too!
d. She bought two dolls that she had bought before Christmas

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Santa give to a child?
a. make Alice believe the gift was exactly for her
b. give the gift to her
c. give it back in a bag.
d. give it away

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose for a polliote doll?
a. to inform readers of Polly Pocket toys recall
b. to show the importance of magnets
c. to tell readers how to use magnets.
d. to make sure that the toys are safe

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of a million Polly Pocket toys?
a. the apology made by Mattel Inc.
b. the name of a company.
c. the name from Mattel Inc's website and web site."
d. The name of a company that sells toys to children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the requirement of writing personal details?
a. Names are required to indicate writers' responsibility for what they say.
b. The writer's full name, address and telephone number are required.
c. The writer must have a written name with his own name or address in it for publication to express his opinion about the writers voice of choice at present!

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why does Mr. King give generously to charity?
a. unwilling to draw public attention
b. he wants to make news
c. he wants to help others with his donations.
d. he wants to show his good deeds

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a game?
a. signature and responsibility
b. name and responsibility
c. signature, ownership of voice.
d. a seal of consent

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happens to the new gloves?
a. when they are mass produced
b. when they are made of plastic
c. after they are made into a glove.
d. before they are made available

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the goal of Sean Mile?
a. raise people's awareness of recycling
b. make mobile phones more popular
c. help people to use the new gloves.
d. encourage people to buy new gadgets

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Sean Miles' goal?
a. New gloves that can be used for making phone calls.
b. New gloves that can be used for making phone calls.
c. New gloves which can be used to make phone calls with Bluetooth and speakers in them, or by using Bluetooth instead of old ones!
d. New gloves that can be used as a phone when making phone calls

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where is the adder found?
a. On wild land throughout Britain.
b. In Scotland.
c. On high gournd in Ireland and England, but not anywhere else there is a snake at all!
d. In Scotland with no other snakes

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why are British snakes more dangerous than their own?
a. Don't try to treat the bite by yourself.
b. Try to catch the bite by surprise.
c. Try to take the bite seriously and avoid it altogether in a hurry or with a doctor's help, too!
d. Try to do something wrong when you are bitten

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the only poisonous snake native to Britain?
a. Adders in Britain
b. In Scotland
c. It is the most common smake in Britain.
d. It is the most dangerous animal to humans

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Bram Stoker's Dracula?
a. Powerful, old and ugly.
b. Afraid, rich and ugly.
c. Afraid of the British Empire in 1895!
d. Afraid, rich but beautiful

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do today's vampires have?
a. desire money, power and sexual attraction
b. fear of the fallof the British Empire
c. a strong desire to have their first real love affairs.
d. an emotional intensity

Correct Options is a.
Question: What genre of vampires are a lot more popular than ever?
a. Why Twilight is so popular nowadays
b. Why vampires are popular nowadays
c. How vampires are portrayed in fiction.
d. How vampires challenge traditional ideas about death

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of blood can AB receive?
a. B
b. O
c. Rh-.
d. O

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one thing that can be used to get blood?
a. about the basic types of human blood
b. about the blood type
c. how to get a good blood condition.
d. about the different types of human blood

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way parents can do?
a. To talk to the children and persuade them to tell right from wrong.
b. To keep an eye on things.
c. To put the PC in a child's room and keep it in an area where mum or dad can keep an eye upon something else, to make them know what is OK for their children now?
d. To ask the children to talk to strangers over the phone

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way parents can do this?
a. Children's not having chances to go to the Internet may have effect on their progress.
b. Children can't surf the Internet.
c. Children can find some interesting Internet sites on the Internet, and they can' hardly see or do it in their future."
d. Children can not talk to strangers over the phone at all

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way parents can use content screener?
a. the Internet contains a lot of harmful sites
b. the Internet is not reliable
c. the Internet is not safe to use.
d. the Internet is not suitable for children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way parents can use the internet to protect their children from unsuitable material?
a. Precautions
b. Advice
c. Education.
d. Tips

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Tom Chivers say was a good thing?
a. Mistakes made in some movies.
b. The alien spacecraft.
c. The sound in the Matrix films, and the noise of air particles to reflect off on a big screen."
d. The sound that the fighters make is very impressive

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is it normal for teens to follow the lives of?
a. desire a close personal relationship with their favorite star
b. have a special connection to a star
c. have a close personal relationship with their favorite stars.
d. have a special connection to a celebrity

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to find out about being at?
a. whether you have a healthy weight
b. whether you are healthy
c. whether you have a good diet.
d. whether you can lose weight

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good way to find out if you are at healthy?
a. diet pills may not help one lose weight in the long term
b. You can't change your weight.
c. You can get moving easily and without diet pills, you can lose weight in the long run!
d. You can do different kinds of activities from hiking to cycling or dancing

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the hope of a global public health system?
a. all the countries could work together to cope with any trouble caused by viruses
b. all the countries could be able to treat viruses as friends
c. all the countries would be able to deal with any virus that could cause us trouble.
d. all the countries could work together in order to solve any problem caused by viruses

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the hope of a universal anti-viral drug?
a. viruses have ever done great harm to us human beings
b. we can find a drug that can kill any virus
c. viruses are the most abundant life form on Earth.
d. we can treat any virus as friends and enemies

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the purpose of stealing salt?
a. punishing thieves
b. protecting thieves
c. preserving the dead.
d. bringing money to the police

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the purpose of protecting people in Egypt?
a. prevent thieves from stealing salt
b. protect the dead
c. keep the dead from stealing salt.
d. make salt more popular in Egypt

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the term for "not worth his salt"?
a. fails to do his work well
b. is used in making glass and airplane parts
c. is used to make water soft, for the growing of crops.
d. is used to fix colors on cloth

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the term for salt used to make water soft?
a. salt is important in people's life
b. salt is a major crime
c. salt can be got in different ways.
d. salt can be taken from mines underground

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the Chinese language?
a. should be in duty to teach normal English
b. should be used in Chinese language
c. must be used to teach English.
d. should be used as a language for Chinese people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does a person's choice of chocolate show?
a. different choices may show different characters
b. different choices may show different characters
c. different choices might show different characters.
d. different choices may show different characters

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do people think chocolate is?
a. likes singing, dancing and drinking
b. likes to make things
c. likes milk chocolate and nuts.
d. likes to help others

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does milk chocolate show you have warm feelings about?
a. like to think of the past
b. like milk
c. like to make things.
d. like to help others

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some people like?
a. with nuts
b. with milk
c. without chocolate.
d. with milk

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of show is the Oprah show?
a. unusually popular.
b. Mostly about the dark side of society.
c. mainly about the improvement of society and different quality of life, to its top level in content."
d. Usually about the development of society

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main audience of Oprah show?
a. are ready to face up to them.
b. are interested in them.
c. are interested at the show's end, and they will be able to do so."
d. are willing to learn something valuable

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main focus of the Oprah show?
a. Family income planning.
b. Teaching children lessons.
c. Learning something valuable to others' lives, and learning things very important for the show."
d. The improvement of society - different quality of life

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does he say about each show?
a. Jerry sums up   the whole idea of the show.
b. The show is about the dark side of society.
c. The show is about the improvement of society and different quality of life, to a new level in content on TV talk shows."
d. The show is about the poor side of society but not about the bad side of society

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Willard and Llah Ost do to help them reconcile?
a. To win love needs a good-natured tolerance  of waiting.
b. To win love needs a good-natured tolerance of waiting.
c. To win love requires a good-natured tolerance to waiting for others' help and support them in their life."
d. To win love is a great way to get along well with each other

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Willard and Llah Ost say about their relationship?
a. Their being far away from each other.
b. Their love for each other.
c. Their friendship with each other and their family members, too!
d. Their relationship between them is very important

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Willard do to his brother?
a. and got informed of Llah's husband's death
b. and got in touch with Llah's family
c. went to see his friend Helvi for help.
d. met the woman named Heilvi

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the relationship Willard and Llah Ost had?
a. Reunited after 62 Years.
b. A happy marriage.
c. A wonderful family in the past, and so do I."
d. A long distance engagement to Llah

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important question for everyone to ask about Hamlet's words?
a. Put forward an idea.
b. Tell us a story.
c. Ask questions about his life and life in the future, too?
d. Ask questions of his life or life

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for Hamlet's words?
a. Caring only about your physical welfare.
b. Being or not to be.
c. Having a good habit of living and working in the city where you live, there will be your life too!
d. Being interested only in your regular occupation

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the best definition of existence I ever saw?
a. To be is to be in relations.
b. To be is to be.
c. To be means simply to increase the range and intensity of our relations, too."
d. To be or not to be is to live

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of a natural insecticide?
a. To drive harmful insects away from bird nests.
b. To protect the nests from insects.
c. To make it easier for birds to grow up in a cigarette-filled home sounding, and that is not harmful enough at all!
d. To help birds develop their immune system by using smoked filters

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the study suggest about cigarette butts?
a. Studying what it is that drives harmful insects away.
b. Keeping the nests with fresh aromatics.
c. Putting the stuff in cigarette filters into their nest and keeping them away from insects' homes, tobacco plants produce nicotine for birds as well!
d. Using some chemicals that can protect the chicks against insects who would otherwise eat it

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are birds really fond of?
a. Some insects are afraid of smelly chemicals in aromatic plants.
b. Some insects are afraid of smelly chemicals in aromatic plants.
c. Some insects are afraid of smelly chemicals from aromatic plants and tobacco planters' nests, too!
d. Some insects are afraid of smelly chemicals found in aromatic plants

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the purpose of setting up heat traps?
a. In a science report
b. In a research report
c. On the basis of a science fiction.
d. At the beginning

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some researchers believe is the result of an internal state?
a. come from different situations in one's life
b. one's life is changed by an attitude
c. one' s life has changed from time to time.
d. one's life experiences are different in one's lives

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is an internal state that influences the choices of personal action made by a person?
a. Attitudes can be learned from one's parents.
b. Attitudes are mainly influenced by one's beliefs.
c. Attitudes can be learned from one' family members and friends in the school or in the school, at home ou in the streets of America to express his or her ideas on time."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is an internal state that influences the choices of personal action made by the individual?
a. Nature  of Attitude.
b. The influence of Attitude.
c. The influence on the course of action taken by the individual in any situation, and largely from the particulars thereof."
d. The influence of Attitude upon the choices made by the individual

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did I do to take the history class abroad?
a. he attended a course in summer
b. he went to the Opera National de Paris
c. he was in for an interesting ride.
d. he was given a lot of freedom

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did I feel was unable to do?
a. surprised at its beauty
b. <pad>.Believing at the Opera National de Paris <sep>.Fearing to see the French culture in France?
c. was too big, too touristy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did I learn from a foreigner?
a. the little influence of language barrier
b. the lack of knowledge in English
c. the poor quality and comfort.
d. the difficulty to learn French

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did French culture not interest me?
a. he enjoys the time in Paris very much
b. he was incompetent
c. he was utterly incompetent.
d. he was a foreigner who didn'T speak English

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Pew report say about Europe?
a. There's a slight  change of the UK's supporting for the EU.
b. The UK's support for the EU has fallen sharply.
c. The UK'S backing for the EU is not as strong in Europe now than before,entrenched by a few points to 43 percent today and then fell from 60 percent last year at 41 cent later on."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between the British and the European Union?
a. Britons are divided equally
b. The European Union is the most Eurosceptic country
c. The UK is the most eurosceptic state.
d. The British are the most Eurosceptic country

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the country that supported the European Union?
a. Tense.
b. Angry.
c. Unforgettable, and unfriendly to the Europeans' families!
d. Unforgettable

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Pew report say was the only European leader supported by their own voters?
a. many of the Polish and the French think highly of him
b. The European Union was "the new sick man of Europe".
c. the long-term economic crisis has created bad forces.
d. David Cameron is doing a good job

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did railway workers stumble upon?
a. Because hot mineral springs were found in Banff.
b. Because they were able to find hot mineral springs in Banff.
c. Because they were able to find hot mineral springs from deep inside the mountains and lakes of Banff National Park, which was designated a World Heritage Site by 1922."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the person who was in BanfF National Park?
a. (613) 923-5261
b. (403) 697-3662
c. (306) 298-2257.
d. ont. sli@pc.gc.ca

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the first National Park in Canada?
a. St. Lawrence Islands' establishment marked the beginning of Canada's national park system.
b. Banf F National Park of Canada was established in the 1870s.
c. The Frenchman River Valley and the dissected plateau are included into the park now, along with a mainland area at Mallory town Landing there is still intact to protect it from hot mineral springs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the book that describes BanfF National Park?
a. a travel guidebook
b. a travel guide
c. p. sli-book and bookcasesentmentorialisation of the park."
d. an advertisement for the park

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Du think was the reason for her upset?
a. Her roommate didn't know what "hate" really meant in daily conservation.
b. Her roommate didn't know what she said.
c. She was not aware of the full meaning of the word "hate" in English at all, too."
d. Her roommate didn' s words or actions mean more than anything else on the line

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Zhai Tiantian do?
a. He argued with a professor because he received a low mark.
b. He argued with a professor because he was too young.
c. He set fire to st1 /New Jersey campus building and threatened him on the line at night, so he risked anything in his roommate's home country!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Du think was more a problem with?
a. Confusion caused by translation.
b. The full meaning of the word 'hate.
c. The full meaning of the word 'hate".
d. The full meaning of the word 'hate' in English

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Teresa do to help her travel?
a. have a better understanding of European culture
b. make her travel more interesting
c. learn more about Spanish culture than in any classroom.
d. show respect to the people who have such cultural heritage

Correct Options is a.
Question: What culture did Teresa have an interest in?
a. Getting Better Culture
b. Traveling to Europe
c. Getting More Spanish Languages.
d. Developing the Little Spanish

Correct Options is a.
Question: What gave me the greatest feeling of hopelessness?
a. the poor houses
b. the mountains
c. the shabby roads.
d. the mountain

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of welcome did Dorothy give me?
a. a warm welcome
b. a warm welcome
c. gloom.
d. a warm welcome

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Dorothy's plaque?
a. Wherever you are, you can accomplish your 
achievement.
b. Where you are, you can grow.
c. Where you are and where you are planted is the best place to live in!
d. Where you are or where you are located will be a great place for your success

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for Facemail?
a. not a real person
b. a good friend
c. a funny woman.
d. a kind man

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the new technology that Facemail allows you to do?
a. e-mail can be read in a more lovely way
b. e-mail can be read by an attractive man
c. e-mail is sent to the recipient in a high-speed way.
d. e-mail can be read with no emotion

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for Facemail?
a. is likely to be used in other aspects of our daily life
b. is a popular technology
c. is not popular with people in the world.
d. is very popular among young women

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one reason that Life Fx does not have human touch?
a. Facemail can make shopping on the Internet more interesting
b. It is not popular with people in the world
c. The software can be downloaded at www.facemail.com and a fridge on it's free of charge to use them for free!
d. It'll help you get a high-speed Internet connection

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important way to pay money for what we want?
a. using examples
b. using a banknote
c. buying what we want.
d. using the barter trade

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the reason for money being used in a currency?
a. They still had many disadvantages.
b. They were used in the Middle East.
c. They were used by the Great Persian Empire and Roman Empire, to make money for it easily!
d. They were widely used throughout the region

Correct Options is a.
Question: What country used to trade wheat for wheat?
a. the Netherlands
b. China
c. Japan.
d. Europe

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the history of money?
a. History of money.
b. History of money.
c. History of money and coins in the world,
d. History of money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of lied to every day?
a. common
b. common
c. dangerous.
d. unfriendly

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is lying?
a. someone gives the liar cooperation
b. someone gives the liar cooperation
c. someone gives the liar cooperation.
d. someone gives the liar cooperation

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is lying?
a. people are for it as well as against it
b. people are for it as well.
c. people are for it and against it, but not to them."
d. people are for it because they are for it

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the truth about lying?
a. lying is a sign of intelligent development
b. lying is a cooperative act
c. lying is woven into our daily and business lives.
d. it is as old as breathing

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is lying?
a. How to tell truth from lies.
b. How to keep a secret.
c. How to protect others' privacy and dignity in our daily lives, too!
d. How to make friends with others

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the biggest factor in friendships?
a. the danger of having no friends
b. the health of people
c. the physical help.
d. the good health

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is cycle ball?
a. A new and fun sports game--cycle ball
b. A new sport--cycle ball
c. A new sports game -- cycle balls.
d. A new sports game --cycle ball

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of sport does cycle ball have?
a. It is a fast-paced game played in an indoor court
b. It is a sport that requires much training
c. It is a sport which is not popular in North America.
d. It has the same aim as soccer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does a cyclist want in cycling?
a. the aim of playing cycle ball is to score as many goals as possible.
b. the aim of playing cycle ball is to score as many goals.
c. the goalkeeper is allowed to touch the ball, and only the goalkeeper can touch it in a court or with his head during the game."
d. the aim of playing cycle ball is to make the opponent feel comfortable

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the goal of a bicycle?
a. A cycle ball game takes 14 minutes.
b. A cycle ball game is a fast-paced sport.
c. A cycle ball game is a sports event for the cyclists to play with in front of their bikes and head games at home, too!
d. A cycle ball game is played on the back tire by the biker's feet

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the inspectors discover on January 15th 2013?
a. Horsemeat was found in burgers sold in Tesco.
b. Tesco was a supermarket chain.
c. Teco was the biggest supermarket chains in Britain and Ireland, but it was not so cheap as before!
d. The food inspectors found 30 % horsemeat on the shelves of beefburgers sold by Tesco

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Tesco do to investigate?
a. It investigated and found out the cause and effect of the scandal.
b. It apologized to its customers.
c. It apologized and apologized for the scandal's cause of it in Ireland or Britain, but not to get the people' trust back again!
d. It apologized to its customers because they were too angry about the food there contained a lot

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one reason people are shocked about Tesco?
a. Everyone can call himself or herself a horse lover in the UK.
b. People can't afford to buy beefburgers.
c. It is a popular brand in the UK and Ireland, but it is not so cheap as Tesco sells very cheap products for sale now!
d. People can only buy beefburgers that they fry at home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between a lifestyle and a life?
a. We find out what our true beliefs and values are and choose to live by these.
b. We have a good sense of peace and acceptability.
c. We have the right kind of job or go to the right social gatherings, but we are not as stylish at all in our life!
d. We can't afford to use up our bank account for heart-driven reason

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for a life?
a. be directed from within
b. be connected to others
c. be willing for your own life.
d. be able to keep up appearances

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a goal of a life?
a. To promote life instead of lifestyle.
b. To make money and energy.
c. To keep up appearances, to do what others think about you is socially acceptable in a life."
d. To encourage people to take care of themselves rather than their own values

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the researcher do to study the results?
a. analyse the causes of errors made by football referees
b. analyze the results of an experiment.
c. analyze the videotapes to find out the errors in football referee's matches and their results."
d. compare the scores between referees and other referelees

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the result of the research?
a. quite unexpected
b. a lot of frustration
c. a lot more difficult than before.
d. a lot of disappointment

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the researcher find about references?
a. errors are more likely when a referee keeps close to the ball
b. The refereer's speed is higher than that of FIFA
c. the referelees' physical condition is less critical.
d. The referleers' distance in the case of errors was about 20 meters per second

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who did a researcher study?
a. the referees of the football tournament
b. the refereers of the football tournament
c. the officials in the football match.
d. the referelees who were close to the incident

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important factor in selecting if FIFA wants to improve their standard of referening?
a. Age should not be the chief consideration in choosing a football referee.
b. The referees should be rushing to keep up with the action.
c. The referening rules are not important at all in football matches, and they should be careful about their performance of players' actions."
d. The referents should stay away from the action when they are in danger

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of Simply Sellular?
a. sell the old one to Simply Selluar on a reasonable price
b. sell the old one to Simply Selluar
c. sell the old one in cash for just a few days.
d. offer a trade-in scheme after the sale

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Simply Sellular offer?
a. a good price for the phone in cash
b. a trade-in scheme
c. a good service after the sale.
d. a free exchange of money

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do people get money from the Simply Sellular cell phone program?
a. still in use by others
b. in the market
c. in the military service.
d. in the recycling system

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Simply Sellular know about the phone?
a. introduce to us what to do with our old cell phones
b. sell the old phones
c. offer us a good price for our old phone.
d. give us some money to recycle all techniques after use

Correct Options is a.
Question: How does the internet affect people?
a. have an important effect on
b. have a positive effect on
c. make it more convenient for them to do their jobs.
d. make it more convenient for them to do their jobs without the Internet.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a need for being connected to internet in modern times?
a. What will future life be like with the Internet?
b. How will the Internet bring about?
c. What will be the future of the world with the Internet.
d. What will happen in the future without the internet, which is not so important to us as we can imagine life

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important tool at a Chinese table?
a. Use them to grab your own food.
b. Use them to skewer your own food.
c. Use them for your own sake and make sure they are not too heavy or too small in size!
d. Use them to put food into your mouth

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one thing you need to do in order for people to take food from the center?
a. when clinking glasses, the rim of the younger person should be lower than that of the older person
b. when clinking glasses, the rim of the younger person should be lower than that in your glass
c. after you clink glasses with someone older then it is better to take food from the center.
d. when a Chinese host takes food on the table and places it on your plate

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the most noticeable differences between western and Chinese cultures?
a. To introduce Chinese table manners to Westerners.
b. To make mistakes at the table in China or in a Chinese home.
c. To share food with Westerners and their friends on the table of China, to avoid embarrassing experience from Westerner's eating habits."
d. To give thanks when he is eating with some Chinese people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the definition for homesick?
a. to be sick because of the sea
b. to be a person's heartbroken
c. not to be a person with heart problems.
d. to be a person who is heartick

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is heartick?
a. he's terribly disappointed and sad,
b. he's very sad and sad.
c. he's very happy, but he's not sure about it at all!
d. he'll be so sad that he'll be in trouble

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the word homesick?
a. where you want to be least
b. where you want to be
c. when you want home.
d. where you want to be

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do you know each word?
a. easy to know
b. easy to know
c. easy-to understand.
d. easy to understand

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do you prepare for a scholarship?
a. begin your preparation as early as possible
b. Make special note of application deadlines
c. Read the supplementary materials that come with scholarship applications.
d. Review your application with your parents

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a focus area of your scholarship application?
a. answer to the point
b. communication
c. subject interest.
d. financial component

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for applying for scholarships?
a. double-check their application with their parents
b. Read the supplementary materials
c. Ask them early to make sure they haven't left out any important details.
d. Ask them as often as possible for the necessary materials

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Isadora Duncan believe was the only type of dance performed in concert?
a. A model for movement.
b. A way to express her individuality.
c. An expression of spirit and soul in the dance process, or a way for movement form from time to time."
d. A means to express one's individuality

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of movement did Isadora Duncan believe was necessary to bring the new dance?
a. restrictive
b. complex
c. codified
d. virtuosity

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the first type of dance performed in concert?
a. The stage set.
b. The symphonies of great master.
c. The symphonies and the symphonies in her personal life as before it was performed by Duncan's body itself, but not with the swaying on trees or waves at that time."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the particular character that distinguishes one person from others?
a. thinks highly of individuality
b. is a person who is different from others
c. thinks of individuality and spirit.
d. thinks of individuality

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the movement that Isadora Duncan wanted to bring?
a. A Pioneer in Modern Dance
b. A Way to Free the Creative Spirit
c. An Introduction of Modern Dance.
d. A New Form of Movement

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of painter is in New York?
a. painter
b. painter
c. artist.
d. painter

Correct Options is a.
Question: What other city has a statue?
a. To see the Statue of Liberty.
b. To see the World of Sights.
c. To see a Rockefeller Center and an Zoo in Bronx, to visit New York or a Bronx Circus at home?
d. To watch the World of Music

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the travel guide that can be found in New York?
a. a guidebook for foreign travellers
b. a guidebook for foreign travellers <sep>. a guide book to foreign travelers' travels in New York and the World of Sightses at home."
c. a guidebook for foreign travellers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is gravity?
a. the force which attracts objects towards the centre of the earth
b. the force which moves you towards the centre of the earth
c. the force that moves you to the center in space.
d. the force which moves you uphill

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a pull of?
a. the earth has gravity
b. water is down
c. the earth has gravity.
d. the earth has gravity

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do spaceships go so fast?
a. it can keep everything on earth.
b. It can escape the earth's gravity.
c. It can carry you into space and go out of space to get away from it, too!
d. It can help you find out how much gravity is pulling you

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do spaceships go so fast that it can escape the earth' a gravity?
a. water always flows downwards.
b. It is very fast.
c. It is very easy to find out the pull of the earth's gravity, and it can carry you into space easily!
d. There is no gravity in spaceship

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a reason for this?
a. the spaceship goes very fast.
b. the earth pulls you hard.
c. gravity runs down hill, and it falls back up to ground in space!
d. there is gravity because of water

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the Swedish government want to do?
a. To inform them their blood is used.
b. To encourage them to donate.
c. To make them feel appreciated by others in Sweden and the Nordic countries, too!
d. To help them find a better place for their blood donation

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of donation is accepted in Sweden?
a. Acceptable.
b. Acceptable.
c. Acceptable, and acceptable in all countries of the world!
d. Acceptable

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason that all meridians join there?
a. keep good time
b. keep good time
c. keep a good time.
d. stay in the same place

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where is the Winter Solstice held?
a. at the South Pole
b. at the North Pole
c. in the north of South Poland.
d. on the south pole

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Midwinter Festival?
a. the daytime
b. the shortest
c. the longest.
d. the most important

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for the problems in human life?
a. we humans are using up all of our natural resources
b. we humans are using up all of our natural resources
c. we humans use it to heat our buildings in winter.
d. we humans use it to make the soil rich

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for the United Nations meeting?
a. having things in the right place at the right time.
b. destroying the world around us.
c. Using up the world's petroleum to make the soil rich and dry in winter, there is enough water for everyone now!
d. Using up the world'S petroleum as a fuel

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is petroleum used to make the soil rich?
a. Conserving the World's Natural Resources
b. Polluting the Earth
c. Using it to heat our buildings in winter.
d. Keeping the Earth clean and dry

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Nathan's second-hand bike?
a. race to the top of BlackMountain
b. race to the top of BlackMountain
c. race back and forth up Mountainside.
d. race to the top of BlackMountain

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the road that zigzagged back and forth up Black Mountain?
a. road had many bends in it.
b. It was steep in places.
c. it was steep enough to get off your bike and push up the mountainside, too!
d. It was steep so that you had to get off your bike

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Nathan do to get him on Black Mountain?
a. Nathan was fitter and knew the quickest ways up the mountain.
b. Nathan was very competitive.
c. Nathan was very strong and he was very strong in physical things at first sight, but never beat Tim's to win the competition with him up there!
d. Nathan was very strong when he was competing for the challenge

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Nathan sure about when he accepted his challenge?
a. Nathan had a greater chance of winning the challenge
b. Nathan was very strong
c. Nathan was very fit and hardworking.
d. Nathan was very strong in physical things

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do people not always enjoy during the winter months?
a. People who live in Seattle are used to the sunshine absence.
b. People who live in Seattle are not interested.
c. People who live in Seattle have a lot of fun to do during the winter months, and they don't like their city any more at all!
d. People who live in Seattle are very happy with their city

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are some reasons people in Seattle have seasonal affective disorder?
a. exhaustion, depression and lack of energy caused by a lack of sunlight
b. a lack of energy, depression and lack of energy
c. a lack of sunlight or lack of energy.
d. a lack of sunshine during the winter months

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of The Indoor Sun Shoppe?
a. offers variety of goods helping people overcome seasonal affective disorder
b. offers a large collection of plants and "good bugs"
c. provides artificial lighting for people to keep their plants healthy.
d. is the best way to meet a Seattle morning when real sunshine is nothing more than a happy thought

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of lighting does The Indoor Sun Shoppe offer?
a. A bringer of indoor artificial sunshine when there is none outside.
b. A warm wake-up glow.
c. A cool environment in a humid and well-lit area of Seattle, Washington or Fremont with a light bulb on it!
d. A bright spot for people who are trying to overcome seasonal affective disorder

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the letter that will be sent to China's first World Competition?
a. a letter
b. a letter
c. p.ms3.
d. a letter

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the first time students have had an opportunity to attend Odyssey of MindWorld competition?
a. To ask for possible donation support.
b. To ask for help from their parents.
c. To ask the coaches to help them solve problems creatively and spontaneously in a way that is convenient at school, or even with their parents' inputs."
d. To ask the students to make out checks on Odyssey of the Mind

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main goal of the competition?
a. help the competitors to think "outside the box"
b. help the competitors to solve problems
c. make the competitors work together as a team.
d. encourage the competitors to do creative "out of the box" solutions

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for the first time students have had an opportunity to attend Odyssey of MindWorld competition?
a. probably be likely to offer a bit of help
b. have been working hard for a year
c. have been working hard to prepare their students.
d. have been working hard

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Carl Walter say about his piano?
a. The writer didn't completely take the teacher's words to heart at first.
b. The writer was too busy to practice piano.
c. The writer didn't like the teacher at all, so he didn'T know what the teacher said about him in his lesson."
d. The writer had no time for writing and piano-playing before school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Carl Walter say about me?
a. can find sufficient time for mental preparations beforehand, so he's devoted to work instantly
b. he has had a lot of time for writing.
c. he has learned how to let go easily at the endof the five or ten minutes, so he's devoted to work instantly."
d. he has never learned how to let go easily in the beginning

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the time that Carl Walter asked me to practice?
a. A Little at a Time
b. A Time in a Long Distance
c. A Time In the Night.
d. A Time Between School and Dinner

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the cause of lung cancer?
a. smoking does harm to health
b. smoking is the biggest cause of lung cancer
c. smoking can improve people's health.
d. smoking does harm to people

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people die each minute?
a. three hundred and sixty smokers die from smoking every hour
b. six people die from smoking every hour
c. six million smokers worldwide are in developing countries.
d. ten million smokers died of smoking each year

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the cause of smoking?
a. be in poor health
b. be in poor health
c. be in poor health.
d. be in poor health

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the number of people who smoke every minute?
a. over 1, 050
b. over 1, 050
c. more than 3, 325.
d. less than 2, 515

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the disease that causes lung cancer?
a. bronchitis
b. stoke
c. tepid.
d. stokes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the key for success in a project?
a. get everyone willing to help you
b. get everyone to help you
c. get everyone to help You.
d. get everyone to help YOU

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Jackie Gleanson' movie?
a. Max, a character in a film, is in very low spirits  when he loses his job
b. Max, a character in he is fired from his job as shopper
c. Max's job was not paid for by the director.
d. Max has no money to pay attention when he is fired

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Gleason do to help Max?
a. appreciated  the latter's way of directing films
b. sat down with the latter to talk about his feelings
c. sat down and talked on it.
d. asked the latter to help him in the scene

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is getting everyone to want help you?
a. The Key to Success
b. The Great One
c. The Great one.
d. The Way to Work out a problem

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Travis Strawderman's job?
a. At an apprentice program.
b. At a plumber.
c. In a classroom in Maryland, and then at university level with other students."
d. On the basis of his own family

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the two professors that are not alone in Strawderman' a university?
a. Robert and Chad have different opinions.
b. Robert and Chad are both independent.
c. They are both independent in the university level of education, but they are not alone at all."
d. The college degree is really and insurance policey against unemployment

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most common perception in the US about university degrees?
a. A University degree, key to success or not
b. A University degree, key to success or not
c. A University degree and a college Degree.
d. A University degree is the key to success

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the company that lets job seekers track their applications?
a. a website
b. a Facebook
c. Linkedin accounts.
d. a search engine

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the first step in sending a job application?
a. you can not receive any reply from the company
b. you can get an auto confirmation email from the company
c. you can find out whether your application is still being considered.
d. you can't connect your job hunt to your Facebook and Linkedin accounts

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the first step in a job search?
a. register an account without payment
b. send in a job application
c. send in an auto confirmation email.
d. send in a job application

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the service that helps job seekers track their applications?
a. attract more people to use Start Wire
b. send in a job application
c. send in an auto confirmation email from the company.
d. send in a job application and receive any follow-up

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the ball that was created by Michael Carmichael in 1977?
a. World's Largest Ball of Paint
b. Mount Horeb Mustard Museum
c. Paper House in America.
d. The Museum of Dirt

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Ellis's vision?
a. Ellis could be seen as a pioneer in his time.
b. Ellis could be a famous painter.
c. Ellis could build ice-creams in his house, too!
d. Ellis could make money by recycling paper

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the museum that is located in Mount Horeb?
a. Barry founded the Mustard Museum..
b. Michael Carmichael created the biggest ball of paint anywhere.
c. The Mustard Museum is a museum with a collection for mustard and spices in it all over America, including Turkey or China!
d. Ellis Stenman was born to be Swedish immigrant

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the baking soda solution called?
a. Ink
b. Paper
c. Water.
d. Light bulb

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of using 'ink'?
a. To write a message onto the white paper.
b. To use a light bulb.
c. To hold the paper up to st1odge source, or "ink".
d. To make invisible ink

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the first step in using baking soda?
a. read it near a heater
b. use a light bulb
c. use it as an ink.
d. use it to make the paper brown

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the second way to read a message?
a. Because baking soda reacts with grape juice.
b. Because baking soda is a light bulb.
c. Because baking soda is a cleaner than regular grape juice in the paper, and it will appear color1ly with the paper to turn brown!
d. Because baking soda is a good choice for people who want to use the heating method

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do you feel about making invisible ink?
a. not difficult
b. not easy
c. not difficult.
d. not easy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did IOC do to increase female participation?
a. women themselves worked very hard so that they could join in the Olympic Games
b. Women were not allowed to participate in the Olympic Games
c. Women were not allowed to participate at leadership level.
d. Women were not allowed to participate in the Olympic games

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Jack not sit down with him?
a. was sometimes rude to his mom
b. was too busy to do the chores
c. was too busy for his son.
d. was too busy with his work

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Jack go to visit friends for a weekend?
a. was advised by her husband to learn from the friends
b. was not allowed to eat at home.
c. was asked by her husband for help from the friends' families."
d. was told by her husband that she had no time in the house

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a lot of people attend to Tom's show?
a. they were the most popular things happening
b. they were the most famous people
c. they were the most famous things happening.
d. they were the most popular thing going on

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the little people of Lavinie Warren do?
a. It helped people cheer up in a dark time
b. It helped people to win their love
c. It helped people get married in a dark time.
d. It helped people to make up for the show

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Tom Thumb teach him?
a. He learned how to sing, dance, and act at a very young age.
b. He learned how to make up ads.
c. He learned how to make a lot of money for his show at the age of five, and became a billionaire by the age of twenty-five."
d. He learned how to play jokes with Charles when he was eleven years old

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a little people do to help him grow?
a. the difference between them would make Tom look even smaller
b. they would make Tom look more beautiful
c. they would make Tom look more attractive to him.
d. they would make Tom feel more lucky in love

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happens when Chinese rules take effect?
a. It isn't necessary for a pilot to pass the test before January 2016.
b. It isn't necessary for a pilot to pass the test before January 2016.
c. It is not necessary for femls to pass the test.
d. It is no longer necessary for pfls to pass the test in January 2015.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the new rule that could affect all pilots?
a. Chinese Pilots Told to Get Rid of Regional Accents.
b. The Official Language of China.
c. The Languages in China are Unintelligible to Pilot's Companioning with An Accent That "often impedes" comprehension and Understanding."
d. The Language for linguistic confusion is the most common English language on the board

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way to save money on travel?
a. Tricks of Finding the Cheapest Flights
b. Cheaper Tickets on the Internet
c. Cheaper Deals On Last Minute Booking.
d. The Best Prices of the Flight

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for a traveler to fly?
a. consider economic reasons
b. find cheap flights
c. have a good time.
d. pay more attention to the travel

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the airline that offers better deals to get people to fly during this time of year?
a. Better Avoid the Crowds.
b. The Slowest Time of the Year.
c. The Slowest time for Travel is between Labor Day and Thanksgiving, or on Wednesdays in America?
d. The Slowest Time For Travel

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the result of the study carried out by Readers Digest?
a. the results of the honesty test in Asia
b. the results of the experiment
c. the results from the study.
d. the results of the experiments in Asia

Correct Options is a.
Question: In what country did Readers Digest collect 140 wallets?
a. Asia
b. America
c. Japan.
d. China

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many of the wallets were returned in Hone Kong?
a. About 60.
b. About 57.
c. About 50 and 60,entre 80 i 40 in Hone Kong's country of the same size as that at least one year ago!
d. About 58

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who returned the wallets with money?
a. People in Singapore.
b. People in Seoul.
c. Readers Digest,he was the first one to return them with money at home and abroad."
d. People in Hong Kong

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Joe Temper think he would be better off with?
a. He should not have been so sure of himself..
b. He should have been so sure of himself.
c. He should have been so sure about his job as a gas driver in the gas station, and then pay for it at once."
d. He should have been so sure that he could be better off than himself

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Joe Temper think was worth?
a. More people parked their cars and left the keys inside.
b. He was a good driver.
c. The gas tank was too small to fill in the car with keys inside it, and he was paying for it at once!
d. He could have been paid more money by paying his money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for a car theft?
a. involves much work but proves to be quite effective
b. is a common phenomenon
c. is a major moneymaker for organized crime.
d. is a major moneymaker for organized crime

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the device that sended off radio signals?
a. The device that sends out radio signals.
b. The device that disables the fuel pump.
c. The device which disables the starter and the fuel pumps to stop car theft in 2010.
d. The device that stops the ignition from being stolen

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the rearranged electronics in your shirt?
a. The shirt itself.
b. The mirror.
c. The shirt itself, and the mirror's color."
d. The shirt with a blue colour

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do you find out what?
a. By checking the nutrition details of the food.
b. By reading the electronic code on the cereal box.
c. By listening to your shoes in a mirror and watching TV for breakfast, you can't find it hard at all!
d. By checking the food supplies of the kitchen

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of food is a list of?
a. vaccines
b. cereals
c. strawberries.
d. food supplies

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long is it a year since you're 40?
a. In order of time.
b. In order of time.
c. At the same time as before, in order of time and age."
d. In order of time

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of a successful business selling houses?
a. To help sell junk food.
b. To attract customers to his shop.
c. To make changes in its environment and environment, too!
d. To encourage people to buy healthy food later on their trip

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for a successful business?
a. A good first impression increases sales.
b. A good first impression increases sales.
c. A bad first impression is a good idea for business owners and customers' senses of life, too!
d. A good first impression leads to success in business development

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of a successful business strategy?
a. To explain how businesses turn people into their customers.
b. To show how people are influenced by their customers.
c. To explain how businesses make changes to their environment and environment in the future, for example: fruits or vegetables at home with bored shoppers."
d. To tell us how to attract more customers from their shops

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important thing for your dad?
a. How to make a meaningful Father's Day gift.
b. How to make a gift for his father.
c. How to get a gift that he always wanted in the past and present it on Father's Day, or even a watch with the year of his marriageengraved upon them at last!
d. How to collect your favorite music from your dad

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the most important things to do on Father's Day?
a. make your father keep the gift for a long time
b. make a list of your personal items
c. write if you want to keep the gift for him.
d. Make a list with your father's favorite music or music

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why was the slow start of London Heathrow terminal?
a. They had to wait a long time and play catch-up when checking in.
b. They had to wait for the passengers.
c. They had to wait for the passengers when checking in at night and play catch-up with them from the beginning, as well because they had no car parking spaces there before it opened!
d. They had to wait for the passengers who were waiting on their way through security

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the biggest airport in the UK?
a. People expected too high for London Heathrow Terminal 5.
b. London Heathrow is the largest airport in the world.
c. The airport handles more international passenger traffic than any other airport there at that time, and it was the biggest one of its kind to the UK now!
d. The airport has been designed for a long time but it has taken fewer time

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the biggest airport in the UK?
a. London Heathrow Terminal 5.
b. London Heathrow Terminal 5.
c. London Heatharow Airport.
d. London Heatherow Terminal 3.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Larry Champagne do after hitting his bus?
a. He pressed the brake.
b. He screamed.
c. His grandfather worked on his old truck, and then stopped the bus driver's work at once!
d. He ran to the front of the bus

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to Larry's speedy reaction?
a. Once he pressed the brake, and the bus stopped.
b. He was a real-life hero.
c. His school hung he a medal of honor around his neck, and the bus stopped him from running away in one accident at once!
d. When he hit the brake on the runaway school bus, the bus driver suddenly fell ill

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Larry Champagne receive?
a. a scholarship from his school
b. a medal of honor
c. ten dollars from his school.
d. a medal of honor

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Jerrick do to help his grandfather during a bus accident?
a. helping him get the bus driver up
b. helping him get his hands dirty
c. putting the brakes on it.
d. helping him get his hands dirty

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Florence Chadwick think of her body?
a. Because she couldn't see the goal on land.
b. Because she was numb.
c. Because she was too tired to swim the Catalina Channel in 1952, and it was not so thick as fog on land!
d. Because she was too tired for her body

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Florence's goal?
a. .No women but Florence Chadwick were able to swim the English Channel in both directions.
b. <pad>.No women but Florence Chadwick were able to swim from Catalina Island To the California coast in 1952 <sep>.Her mother and her trainer encouraged him when she was pulled out of it at that time, they told him not much farther than she could see land

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of shopping habits are shoppers likely to continue?
a. conservative
b. slow
c. crowded.
d. unimportant

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is out of fashion?
a. Adding more stores to the busy retail landscape.
b. Having existing stores target local markets.
c. Adding complementary categories of goods to their stores for consumers in 2009.
d. Using more private brands to attract cost-conscious shoppers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did most of the respondents to a survey say they were making do with?
a. Going without some favorite items.
b. Changing their shopping behaviors.
c. Cutting back on unimportant purchases, and saving money for the economy of America."
d. Adding stores to an already crowded retail landscape is out of fashion

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for a decline in sales?
a. most respondents suffer from the crisis
b. the economy is improving
c. the shoppers are not interested in shopping.
d. the consumers are unwilling to buy basic items

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Ronnie Sanders fight for?
a. his concern for others' lives
b. his fear of being killed
c. his desire to save others' lives.
d. his hope for the future

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Ronnie Sanders do to help him escape?
a. The pain from the burning legs.
b. The fire from the truck.
c. The smoke breathing and minor burns, but shrapnel broke a tooth in his legs!
d. The car'd exploded on the road

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Steve do to help him survive?
a. He beat the flames with his own shirt.
b. He climbed into the burning cab.
c. He pulled Ronnie out of his car and got his boot trapped in another one, too!
d. He rescued the injured driver by using his pocket knife

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Ronnie Sanders' truck?
a. Heroes: Roadside Flames
b. A Truck with a Heavy load of Forklifts
c. A Truck With a Bulk Trage.
d. A Truck in the ditch

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Brittany Blythe's dream?
a. Doubtful
b. Angry
c. Excited.
d. Unforgettable

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Brittany Blythe do when she was a freshman?
a. She accepted the result and tried to get used to it.
b. She was able to walk on her knees.
c. She tried to get used to the result and got it done well in class at school, too!
d. She took off the prostheses but didn't do anything

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Brittany Blythe dream of doing?
a. To be a flyer.
b. To be a cheerleader.
c. To be a junior school student, and to be a cheerleader."
d. To take the legs off with her friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Brittany Blythe's goal?
a. Passing the test
b. Getting along well with her teammates
c. Being a flyer.
d. Taking the legs off

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good way to keep the lights on around you home?
a. how to make your house safer from burglars
b. how to make your house safe
c. when you are in a neutral ground.
d. where you can find your door from the outside

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do you need to keep a low profile in your neighborhood?
a. for reasons of their property safety
b. because they are not a home-based business
c. to attract more visitors from your neighborhood.
d. because they want to make more money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a natural fright for burglar?
a. keep lights on in all rooms to threaten burglars
b. keep lights on in all rooms to threaten burglars
c. keep windows and doors locked before you sleep at night.
d. keep the security alarm turned on when you sleep

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Philippine Star Newspaper have every Sunday for?
a. was good at word puzzles
b. was a regular customer
c. was the best at solving puzzles.
d. was good in solving puzzles

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did he do for me?
a. she was the first person to beat Mr.Filio
b. She was the first person to solve the puzzles
c. she was the only person who beat him.
d. She was the best customer at the restaurant

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of a man who solved puzzles in less than five minutes?
a. inspired
b. clever
c. intelligent.
d. brave

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the average customer review of Jaycee Dugard's story?
a. A Stolen Life
b. While We're Far Apart
c. Though We're Far away.
d. Although We've Far Apart

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the average price of this book?
a. ISBN-13: 978-1442344983
b. ISBN-13: 978-1613820742
c. ISBN-10: 0764204971.
d. ISBN-13: 978-1451555653

Correct Options is a.
Question: What award did Lynn Austin win?
a. It is nominated Best Novel with Romantic Elements 2010.
b. It is a strange comedy-mystery.
c. It is nominated by The Romance Reviews in the Chapter One Promotions Novel Competition 2010.
d. It is nominated as "the style's best historical fiction novelists".

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the restaurant that I had forgotten about?
a. In a restaurant.
b. In a bank.
c. At a community college, and in the university of Israel!
d. On campus admissions office answering phones

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the mom say was a loss of time?
a. she wanted to save money
b. she had to work hard
c. she had to pay for the trip.
d. she had to work in the bank

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was one of my concerns about the trip to Israel?
a. a wellpaid summer job would be lost
b. the cost would be reduced
c. the time was too long to make money.
d. I would have to work hard for a few hours

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did I feel about the cost of my trip to Israel?
a. was shaped by working parttime through college
b. was influenced by the loss of time to make money
c. was influenced by the lack of time for work.
d. was influenced by the poor working ethic

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Hoshua Foer' idea?
a. imaginations are very important to win the competition
b. he wanted to make a living in sukkot.
c. he wanted to build huts for 40 years and nights, but he wanted to make a living there."
d. he wanted to help homeless people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Joshua do in 2010?
a. The winning sukkahs were sold to help homeless people.
b. He was asked to build a new sukkah.
c. The finalists were given money for the sukkah project in New York City, and Germany at the end of the competition!
d. He wanted to make a design contest with Roger Bennett

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the event that was created by Hoshuan Foer?
a. A Jewish tradition becomes the idea for a competition.
b. A Jewish tradition is the name of a competition.
c. A Jewish tradition becomes the idea for sukkah building in modern times, and it is a celebration to build huts outside their backyard!
d. A Jewish tradition is the reason why people can't call home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between ridge patterns and skin?
a. people's fingerprints will not change in all their lives
b. People's fingerprints will be changed in all their lives
c. people's fingerprints will change every day.
d. people's fingerprints will not change at all

Correct Options is a.
Question: How can each set of fingerprints be divided into 1, 024 groups?
a. all of the above
b. Arches, loops and composite fingerprint.
c. The print of each separate finger is different from that of all the other fingers in a few minutes!
d. All fingerprints are divided into four groups

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between the print of each separate finger and the other fingers?
a. that can not go wrong
b. that is different
c. which is the same as all other fingers.
d. that is different from all other fingers

Correct Options is a.
Question: How are fingerprints classified?
a. Fingerprints can be classified in three ways
b. Fingerprints are classified by general shapes and contour.
c. Fingerprints can be classified in three ways, including one of the four types: arches or loopSmile-typed fingerprinting'

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where do Webster Toys sell?
a. in countries all over the world
b. in New Zealand
c. from Japan toBrazil.
d. In the Far East

Correct Options is a.
Question: What languages will Webster speak?
a. English and a Far Eastern language
b. English and a Far Eastern language
c. English, and a Far Eastern languages.
d. English but neo-English

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do Webster's want?
a. someone who can work by himself
b. someone who can speak good English
c. someone who can travel for up to six months in any one year.
d. someone who can understand money and make more than ever before

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the limit to how fast or high roller coasters are?
a. the more the money is spent, the faster the roller coaster can go
b. the more the passengers experience, the faster they can go
c. the more the passengers are screamed at them.
d. the more the passengers feel in tight turns and loops

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of ride does the Smiler have?
a. 3Dtechnologies
b. G-forces
c. 3D projection effects and robotics.
d. 4G

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the roller coaster ride that a visitor can do?
a. Screaming for Fun
b. Screaming for Money
c. Scream in a High Speed.
d. Scream on the Edge

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of economy is Shanghai?
a. business
b. business
c. economy.
d. economy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What skills are taught at Schouten University?
a. Driving skills.
b. Leadership skills.
c. Communication abilities and motivational skills,
d. Communication skills

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of program does Schouten University offer?
a. flexible
b. flexible
c. free.
d. convenient

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the cost of a student attending Schouten University?
a. travel costs
b. housing
c. food and participation.
d. personal coaching

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of businessmen are at Schouten University?
a. working businessmen
b. working students
c. study coaches.
d. student teachers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the top destination for Indians?
a. draw tourists to India
b. India's traditional healing arts
c. India has a lot of tourists.
d. India is the world' most popular destination

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is India's tourism industry a part of?
a. Kant is satisfied with the trend of tourism
b. India's traditional healing arts
c. The country' s cultural diversity and hospitality.
d. India' the traditional healing arts

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the natural scenery that India has been promoting?
a. Natural scenery.
b. Tourism.
c. Traditional healing arts in India, and the Himalayan spas of India'-."
d. The tourism industry

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is India's top destination for tourists?
a. tourism in India
b. tourism in India
c. tourism to Spain and Italy.
d. tourism

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do people have that they feel they must satisfy?
a. just to meet his or her strong psychological need
b. to make money
c. because they want to buy things for less than others.
d. because they want to believe that they are helping their budgets

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do experts claim is a good reason for their behavior?
a. Business people and advertisers can use the psychology of people's spending habits to increase sales.
b. People can't afford to buy things for less than other people.
c. They can find a way of helping their budgets better and more attractively in the future, but they are not winning any longer with the help from scientists or psychologists."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do scientists understand?
a. The psychology of money-spending habits.
b. The psychology of bargain hunting.
c. The psychological need for people to spend money and their own needs, too!
d. The reason for the things that they buy with credit, charge accounts are more exciting than money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the psychology of bargain hunting?
a. need special treatment
b. is a good way to save money
c. is a great way of saving time.
d. is based on the psychology of spending habits

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most common trend among people under 65?
a. women use the Internet more than men
b. women use the Internet more than men
c. women use the Internet less and more.
d. women use the Internet for information

Correct Options is a.
Question: What age group is 34 percent online?
a. 65 and older.
b. 18 and 29.
c. 21 percent of women, but not men by 3 percentage points in the same age group."
d. 18.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for women becoming more popular with men?
a. Women are catching up in the use of the Internet.
b. Women are becoming more and more popular.
c. Women are becoming more and more popular with men than women in the Internet!
d. Women are becoming more and more popular among sexes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What rules differ from college to college?
a. Rules on Alcohol on Campus in the US
b. Rules on Alcohol in the US
c. Rules for Alcohol Prevention and Education.
d. Rules of Alcohol Protection

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the punishment for a student?
a. require an alcohol education program.
b. prohibit alcohol from all buildings.
c. prohibit alcohol in first-year dorms and colleges on campus, at least 16.
d. prohibit the use of hard liquor online

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is it like when a student is under twenty-one?
a. It's hard for an international student to enter the US again if he breaks the rules.
b. It's hard for an international student to enter the US again if he breaks the rules.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do paintings allow us to do?
a. make us try to notice something latent  in the things
b. make us laugh at ourselves
c. force us to say something for ourselves.
d. force us to say "What does he see that makes him paint like that?"

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some people think Picasso's paintings are?
a. things in some of his pictures seem to be in disorder
b. His paintings are rich and soft color1ed
c. his pictures have a natural look.
d. his paintings are beautiful

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Picasso become the youngest painter in the world?
a. Because he never gave up looking for something new.
b. Because he was too young to find his own style of painting.
c. Because he wanted to make friends with others in the world and abroad, so he wanted to be a great artist for him now or then!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the study that a person can use to describe their life?
a. To describe how advanced technologies will affect our future lives.
b. To describe how we can live in a modern society.
c. To explain how to use the advanced technology for our future lives and to show how to improve their life habits, as well As possible."
d. To tell us how to control our daily life with advanced technologies

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do you control temperature, humidity, music and lighting in an electronic orchestra?
a. you will be able to adjust the conditions of your apartment via oral instructions or simple hand gestures
b. you will be able to look through the day's news on translucent screens
c. you will be roused by the smell of freshly made coffee. You will be woken up with the smell of freshly made coffee and light entering your room as the curtains open automatically

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the type of microchip that scans your body?
a. Objective
b. Optimistic
c. X-ray waves.
d. Unusual

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of feeling did Zoe feel she was out of work?
a. satisfying
b. sad
c. angry.
d. worried

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the successful PR consultant?
a. Zoe lost her job as a PR consultant
b. Zoe Chambers.
c. Kathy' s farm in north-west Wales, was abandoned by Zoe and her family friends."
d. Zoe's husband Huw bought a farm to buy the farm

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the main reason for Zoe's work?
a. Physically tiring but rewarding.
b. Having a good job.
c. Being busy and busy in the social life of London1.
d. Being stressed but tired is not important

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Zoe Chambers say was the best thing about her life?
a. A misfortune may turn out a blessing.
b. She was a good PR consultant.
c. She was very busy in her social life at first sight, but she didn't want to stay there now."
d. She had no time for her work and wanted to stay on the farm

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the second largest city in China?
a. Beijing
b. Kyoto
c. Kathmandu.
d. Tokyo

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of work leave you breathless?
a. excellent art works
b. beautiful temples
c. large palace.
d. modern architecture

Correct Options is a.
Question: What city served as the capital of Japan from 794 to 794?
a. Kyoto.
b. Beijing.
c. Kathmandu, Nepal and Siem Reap provinces in northwestern Cambodia - the capital of Japan now!
d. Youn Reap Province

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the city that has its own stories?
a. all the cities have their own stories
b. Beijing, China
c. You can explore the cities in Asia.
d. you can find out exactly what each city has to offer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the first step in exploring Asian cities?
a. to introduce several attractive cities in Asia
b. to find out exactly what each city has.
c. To discover the history of Asian cities in China and Japan."
d. to see how many beautiful buildings are built around Asia

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Blustering do when the first World War ended?
a. he was unable to work like ordinary people
b. he was too proud to accept anything from the people in Britain
c. he was very proud of his strength.
d. he was not allowed to be searched by others

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the reason for Blustering's poorness?
a. they were too excited to pay attention to it
b. they were too tired to eat enough food
c. they didn't want to eat anything from others.
d. they had no money for their reunion dinner

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to Blustering's old curiosity?
a. he must have stolen the gold coin
b. he had lost his money
c. he had lost the gold coin.
d. he had lost his old gold

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did the first World War end?
a. Think twice before you make a judgment.
b. Think twice before you make a judgment.
c. Try to make a judgment by yourself and your friends, too!
d. Never let others know when they are in trouble

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for the announcement of a university's entrance exam?
a. either take the national exam or take the independent exam.
b. Take the national exam.
c. Take the independent exam and take the independent exam in 2011.
d. Take the independent exam or take the independent exam

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between the two independent exams?
a. It can reduce students' load to take several exams.
b. It can help students gain entrance to different universities.
c. It will make students more interesting and interesting in the future, too!
d. It is a good way for students to get entrance into different universities

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many interviews could a student gain in the exam?
a. have one or more interview chances.
b. Only one interview chance.
c. Two interviews with the students in different universities, and two or more Interview chances at all!
d. One interview chance is enough for a student to take several exams

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for the decision to take an independent exam?
a. Students' abilities and talents can be better found.
b. Students can be more independent.
c. The students can get entrance to the universities in 2011.
d. Students can choose their favorite universities based on their own criteria

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did the students visit their old university professor?
a. During the get-together.
b. At the beginning of their career.
c. In the evening before they met at home in 2011.
d. During the meeting with the professor

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did a group of graduates visit their old university professor?
a. Because the professor wanted to teach them something.
b. Because they wanted to have a good rest.
c. Because they wanted to make friends with each other in the future and come back home soon!
d. Because they wanted to get their old university professor retired

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the conversation turn to?
a. Their complaints.
b. Their friends.
c. Their work and lives in the university professor's home country, they were all retired from their job at school."
d. Their friendship with the old professor

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are cups?
a. tools to hold and contain life
b. cups to make people happy
c. cups for people who are poor.
d. cups that are expensive

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the professor say about hot chocolate?
a. To wish them to be grateful to their life and make the best of everything that they have.
b. To show that they are not good at drinking hot chocolate.
c. To tell them to drink the best cup for themselves and to make it more expensive than before in their life or lives."
d. To encourage them to take care of their own cups while they are drinking hot chocolate

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Keith Staskiewicz think is wrong to blame Jobs and Apple for destroying anything?
a. children today prefer music downloading to buying albums
b. music downloading is a blessing
c. children today have missed the beauty of taking allowance money.
d. music download has robbed young people of what they call "the beauty of buying on album"

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Bon Jovi think was wrong to blame Jobs and Apple for destroying anything?
a. Music downloading has its advantages and is a change that should be accepted.
b. Music downloading is a blessing and offers you instant, and selective access to a whole world of music.
c. Music download has been a blessing but not a blessing for young people today."
d. Music downloading is set to continue in the near future

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Keith Staskiewicz believe was wrong?
a. help young consumers get used to paying for music
b. make people think music is a blessing
c. make people think it's wrong to blame Jobs and Apple for destroying anything.
d. make people think music downloading is just part of the business

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Keith Staskiewicz say was wrong to blame Jobs and Apple for destroying anything?
a. Opinions on effects of music downloading.
b. The music lovers' feelings.
c. The people who listen to music very well in the past, and they are not interested enough at all."
d. The way that music downloading is a blessing for young people today

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do you see my parents' room?
a. The author can still visit her first physical home in Los Angeles.
b. The author can see her first physical home in the house.
c. The author can see her favorite room on the right of the living room at night and a few photos from her parents' bedroom, there still exists to live with it now or then!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is home to me?
a. try to bring back a sense of home
b. feel lonely and sad
c. feel lonely in a home.
d. have a sense of nostalgia

Correct Options is a.
Question: How does the house feel about my mother?
a. To express how much she is attached to her home.
b. To express her love for her home.
c. To express how much she is a good friend of her mother's family and dogs to her house, in the same way as others at that time."
d. To express what she has learned from her first home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did George Rebok say was the result?
a. The people were trained during a period of ten years.
b. The people were trained in reasoning and speed-of-processing.
c. The people were taught methods to improve their memory, thinking and ability to perform everyday tasks for up to five years later than the control group."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the researchers at Johns Hopkins University say was a good thing?
a. The second and third group improved their skills better than the first one.
b. The first and third group improved their skills better than the second.
c. The fourth group improved their memory more easily as the control groups did in tests, but the rest were not successful enough to do so at all."
d. The two groups improved their ability to remember word lists rather than remember words

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did George Rebok say about the study that showed most of the training remained effective for five years?
a. How was the research conducted?
b. How did the research work be carried out?
c. What was the study done in ACTIVE.
d. What was the result of the research

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the researchers at Johns Hopkins University want to do?
a. Mental Training Helped Elderly Stay Sharp for Years
b. The Effects of Training on Memory and Thinking Skills were a lot worse
c. The Effect of Training On Memory Lasted for Years.
d. The Effect of Training on Memory Did Not last long

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the poor Poll call to this day?
a. The animals raised by Robin Crusoe brought him much pleasure.
b. The animals were very friendly to him.
c. He was very happy with his life in Brazil, and he had no time for the rest of his time there still."
d. He was very happy about the environment that he had lived here before

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many years did I live on the island?
a. 3
b. 2
c. 4
d. 6

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Poll say was the devil?
a. Parrots raised by Robin could talk very well.
b. Robin could live with him.
c. The savages would be very happy to hear it at that time, and they were not so good as before."
d. Robin could live in Brazil for twenty six years

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many visitors do the White House receive each day?
a. 6,000.
b. 140.
c. 1,000, and 132 people in the White House's history,000.
d. 1,200

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who was the first US President to live in the White House?
a. Thomas Jefferson.
b. John Tyler.
c. Theodore Roosevelt and his family in Panama,

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did the White House officially name it?
a. Between 1901 and 1909.
b. Between 1800 and 1900.
c. From 1909 to 1809.
d. In the year 1901

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a toy that was never seen before?
a. Rico can recognize different things including toys
b. The owner knows the meanings of certain words
c. The owner knew Rico's name before.
d. The owner knew the correct object

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why is the dog's name more important than normal?
a. Rico has a better memory partly because of its proper early training.
b. The dog's name is more important than normal.
c. The dog' a lot of toys are used in the experiment, too!
d. The dog'doesn't know the meanings of certain words

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a toy that Rico had never seen before?
a. To be friendly to your dog.
b. To be able to learn new words.
c. To be able to learn new words easily as a 3-year-old child."
d. To get a big, wet kiss in return for your dog's kiss

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for the ban on cigarettes?
a. don't check buyers' personal information
b. don't make any changes to the tobacco advertising
c. do not allow children to buy cigarettes.
d. use vending machines for smoking

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for the ban on cigarettes in England?
a. young smokers will be discouraged
b. children will be ill
c. children will be in trouble.
d. young smokers will be punished

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the first ban in Europe to prohibit smoking from vending machines?
a. can still present cigarettes for around 2 years
b. can only be used in England
c. can only be used by young people.
d. can not use vending machines

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for the ban?
a. opinions will be asked for on plans of tobacco controlling
b. It is the first ban in Europe to prohibit selling tobacco
c. it is the first ban for smoking from vending machines.
d. It will be a good way of keeping profits

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the first ban in Europe to sell cigarettes from venders?
a. Cigarette vending machines banned
b. Smoking machines
c. Smoking displays.
d. Smoking on the venders

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does cyberspace mean?
a. puts emphasis on people's thoughts
b. is a great place for exciting conversation
c. is based on people's ideas.
d. is a good place to find love

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does identity and appearance mean?
a. one may not show the real self in cyberspace
b. one may not be able to express his or her thoughts
c. one may not have the real self in cyberspace.
d. one may not know the real person

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for a lack of identity?
a. people may be disappointed when they meet in person
b. people are not really themselves
c. people don't want to talk with each other.
d. people can' hardly find their friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for Californians feeling heat after Governor Jerry Brown announced a water cutback?
a. Its residents' excessive water use.
b. Its poor water supply.
c. Its lack of water supplies in the state's history and history."
d. Its high price for outdoor watering

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the area where we are standing?
a. To get rid of dry grass
b. To keep water in the snow
c. To protect our environment.
d. To make a call to the government

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the first time California has been able to do this?
a. Take mandatory lessons on water conservation.
b. Stop water use in California.
c. Take measures to reduce water usage of the state's drought and increase water supply by 20 percent, or less?
d. Make sure that residents can fill their water glasses into the future

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people were there in the neighbourhood?
a. At least 4
b. At least 3
c. At least 4.
d. At least 5

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Mrs Allen buy the shop?
a. because Mrs. A became expert at management and threw herself into it
b. because Mrs. Allen was a good woman
c. Because Mrs. Allen was very clever and friendly to her friends in the neighbourhood, too."
d. because Mrs. A was not well-informed about books

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mrs Allen do when she bought a shop in town?
a. She believed that Mrs. B was the very person to help her to improve management
b. She wanted to hire a friend for her.
c. She wanted to hire Laura Barnes and Mrs. B as their friends in the shop."
d. She wanted to hire fewer people than Mrs. B

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mrs Allen do to move out of town?
a. Mrs. A set up her bookshop in the shopping center
b. She worked hard and was well-informed about books.
c. The bookstore prospered in the neighbourhood, so she hired a friend to help her."
d. Mrs. A set up st1o's shop

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is learning Quickly while Sleeping Babies?
a. babies can learn even while asleep
b. babies can dance to the music
c. babies can learn a little while asleep.
d. babies can learn even when sleeping

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between the two things that scientists found to be useful?
a. babies can judge a person helpful or harmful
b. babies can dance to music
c. babies are able to speak.
d. babies can learn from the music

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for making workers more productive?
a. Making the work itself meaningful.
b. Making the work more interesting.
c. Giving the workers more freedom to do his job in his own way, and it is not important for them at all!
d. Giving the worker less freedom of choice

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is required for workers in factories?
a. the machines must be operated strictly according to instructions and rules
b. the machines must be made in a fixed way
c. the machines must be made by a fixed machine.
d. the machines must be made with different parts of the product

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does this point out?
a. the importance of his job is not clear to him
b. the workers are not interested in his work
c. the worker's life is more enjoyable than others.
d. the job he does is not easy to make

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one factor that can be used to make workers more productive?
a. the production volume in a time unit
b. the number of cars on their line
c. the amount of money in a car factory.
d. the length of time they do

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for a more varied job?
a. Pushing Workers to Produce More
b. Making More Money
c. Increasing Work Time.
d. Making the Work More Interesting

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the professor psychology at Harvard?
a. Dr. Daniel Wegner believe magic thinking can be a great help.
b. The "adaptationists" and the "byproduct theorists".
c. Magic thinking is a product of our psychological features.
d. The "adaptationists "and the "byproduct theoriers."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the group that analyzed the development of humans?
a. Culture.
b. Culture.
c. Technology and technology,
d. Technology

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are the two schools of evolutionary thought?
a. explain why humans have a need for faith from different respects
b. explain why people are more worried about difficulties than others
c. explain why people have a better chance of surviving tough environments or competitions.
d. explain why people have a tendency to believe in their magical powers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the book that has been opened by many authors?
a. It is a well-located bookstore.
b. It is a popular bookstore.
c. It has many books in its history and history, but it is not open to the public at all!
d. It offers free activities for children only

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the book that you will be allowed to do?
a. They can become a member of the Book-of-the-Month Club.
b. They can be a member of the Book-of-the-Month Club.
c. They can be purchased by local musicians and musicians in the Book Nooks!
d. They can have a free cup of hot chocolate for you to enjoy

Correct Options is a.
Question: How much does the Book Nook cost each year?
a. need to pay 120 dollars every year
b. only $10.00
c. only $12 dollars.
d. only $10

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did my mom and I share their books?
a. with the help of her mother
b. by sharing them with each other
c. in order to make a living.
d. through the help of her mother

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are the best places to visit in Australia?
a. Byron Bay and Sydney
b. Sydney and London
c. The Great Ocean Road.
d. Daintree Rainforest

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of one of Australia's best scenic drives?
a. The Great Barrier Reef
b. Daintree Rainforest
c. Sydney Harbour Bridge.
d. The Opera House

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the biggest problem with the narrow and windy lanes in Australia?
a. Its traffic problems.
b. Its traffic problems.
c. Its speed of driving around the world, and its speedy roads in all directions!
d. Its windy roads

Correct Options is a.
Question: What countries were the Dutch and English rivals in?
a. Britain and Holland were competitors at that time.
b. Britain and Holland were rivals.
c. The Dutch had a strong influence on the English people at that time, but they didn't have any competition with them in America or Canada to do so."
d. The Dutch and the English were rivals of the Dutch

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did people make in Dutch treat?
a. People made a mistake at the beginning.
b. People made a mistake.
c. People made slang for prostitute in the end, and they made a mistake at the beginning of it."
d. People made a mistake when they were in the early twentieth century

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are some of the most common?
a. dreams' symbolism
b. dreams' language
c. dreams of flying.
d. dreams' expressions

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are the most common dreams people have?
a. dream of flying
b. dream of flying
c. dream of flying.
d. dream of escaping

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the most common dreams people have?
a. you' re trying to learn something
b. you're ill
c. you're not ready for a high school test.
d. you've got a good chance to get your attention

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the most common dreams people have?
a. show us the way to deal with a recurring dream
b. show us the way to overcome a limitation or obstacle
c. tell us how to break down food and knowledge.
d. show us the ways to get your attention

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do people crash?
a. Because he wants to see what would happen because of smartphones.
b. Because he wants to see how people can walk.
c. Because he wants to find out what they can do in the street and in the street, too!
d. Because he wants to get to know the police about their phones at home

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do people who are staring at a screen adopt this type of pace?
a. Japanese pay much attention to their phone manner in public.
b. Japanese are too busy to speak on their phones.
c. Japanese are too busy with their mobiles in the world, and they don't want to broadcast music out of one - it is not easy for them now!
d. Japanese are too busy to get along well with their friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do people react to the smartphone walk?
a. By personal experimenting
b. By shouting at people to look up
c. By shouting and chatting with others.
d. By shouting at people's eyes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the person who tries to find human prey?
a. other passers-by give way to him although they dislike.
b. He is a person who has lived in Tokyo for 20 years.
c. His head down and arms outreached are like zombies to him, but they don't know how it works on the phone screen at all?
d. The police are shouting at him when they get to the other side

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did the man grab a cookie from her bag in between?
a. She didn't want to get into an argument.
b. She was too busy to get into an argument.
c. She was too tired of the book and ate it in front, so she was too angry with her brother's help!
d. She was too nervous for the man to take the last cookie away

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a woman do when she was waiting at an airport?
a. considered the man unthankful.
b. ate the cookies
c. ate her book.
d. ate the cookies

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the man do when she was waiting at an airport?
a. tried to share his cookies with the woman.
b. ate the cookies with his friend.
c. ate all of the cookies in between and grabbed them from their bag to avoid an argument, too!
d. ate the cookies without any hesitation

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the biggest mistakes any athlete can make?
a. carrying his goals into the competition
b. Having his goals written
c. Taking his goal into the competition.
d. Keeping focus on what he's doing in the moment

Correct Options is a.
Question: What should Expectations and goals be?
a. used as an encouragement when training
b. used as a way to improve your performance
c. used in the competitions.
d. used as an encouragement when playing

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do coaches and parents always tell us to keep our goal in mind when we go for a competition?
a. Leave your goals at home
b. Keep your goals in mind
c. Write your goals on a piece of paper.
d. Take your goal into the competition

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does home mean to people?
a. "Home" is a place where you feel safe and relaxed.
b. Home is a place where you can cook, cook and play.
c. You can't move in one place for ten years or so at home!
d. You can'T go to the house with your friends when they are in town

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the word "home" mean to you?
a. it has different meanings in different countries
b. it has different meanings in different countries
c. it has different meaning of the country.
d. it has different meanings from person to person

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are the main things that people do to make a home?
a. cook, talk, and play games
b. cook, talk and play
c. cook. or cook in a restaurant."
d. cook, talk, and play games

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for people to do what in south Europe?
a. Because the sun there shines a lot.
b. Because there are small windows, cool stone floors and often no carpets.
c. Because there are many chairs in the living room or kitchen to keep the heat out of it all year round!
d. Because there are a fire on the living room with fireplace

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good way to get the full picture of 'the college'?
a. to walk around the campus alone
b. to go shopping
c. to go out on the campus alone.
d. to go around with the students

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good way to feel about college?
a. find out the after-class activities on campus
b. get a good sense of life
c. get a lot of money from the guidebook.
d. get a better picture in your own home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to get a good feel for college?
a. make an appointment in advance
b. go to the dining hall
c. go shopping in advance.
d. go out for a walk

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of students are encouraged to sit with?
a. random students
b. students
c. college officials.
d. school administrators

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the organization that provides a good feel for student life?
a. An educational journal.
b. A school guidebook.
c. An admission office and a college tour center, in the dining halls of campus or on campus at night."
d. The student center with the students' opinions about their professors

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the time limit for the Hilton English Language Center?
a. 8:30a.m.--3:00p.m..
b. 8:30a.m--10:00a.m, 10:30p.m -3:00p.m."
c. 6:30a.m. to 5:00p.m

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do students learn from the language lab?
a. Students can prepare for exams by listening to tapes.
b. Students can borrow tapes to practice their English.
c. Students can borrow tapes for free in the language lab, and they can learn how to use computers at home or in the classroom on Monday-Friday morning'Saturday afternoon!

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where do students check their timetables?
a. the lecture hall
b. the language laboratory
c. the library.
d. the library

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do women feel about shopping?
a. seriously
b. worried
c. worried.
d. frightened

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between a man and woman in British marriage?
a. Different definitions could be given to the word.
b. The man's first duty is to his wife.
c. The woman' s children are their own master in marriage and the husband has no right of interfere with them at all, too!
d. The girl' her parents have not allowed him to marry

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the man's first duty do?
a. financial while the wife is running the home
b. to help the wife with her work
c. to protect and maintain a family.
d. to help the wife get rid of her husband

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did the girl's parents arrange marriage among wealthy families?
a. by the couple
b. by the couple
c. with skillful encouragement.
d. in order to get rid of her

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does it give to British people?
a. It gives quite some idea of English social life in the past.
b. It gives some advice on how to get married.
c. It gives some advice about how to get a job in the future and get a dowry for their children, too!
d. It gives some advice of how to make money by living together alone

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the first duty of a British woman to marry?
a. choosing husbands
b. leaving her parents
c. running the new home.
d. Having a good husband

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the man say about his wife?
a. her husband was carrying with himself a woman's name
b. her husband was a horse with a frying pan
c. her husband was a horse carrying the name of Jenny.
d. her husband was a horse who had been ill

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a woman say was in his pocket?
a. Jenny whom the man made friends with.
b. The man's horse whom the wife had been promising.
c. The man who was a good friend of Martha and his wife, Jenny."
d. The woman' her husband that had been slipping in and out of coma for several months

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Joke l say about his wife?
a. He has figured out that the employee told a lie to him.
b. He has figured out that the employee was a good man.
c. He has figured out that the worker was a bad man to his wife's health and health care system, too? .
d. He has figured out that the employer had been in coma for several months

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the man do when he was sitting reading papers?
a. His father doesn't like his mother-in-law to come.
b. His wife hit him with a frying pan.
c. He was watching TV when his wife hit him on the head and knocked him unconscious in front of them at once, but they didn't know what to do now or then?

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the man do when they hit him round their head with an frying pan?
a. he realizes he is unlucky to have married his wife
b. he realized his wife was ill
c. he realized he was not good at doing the trick.
d. he realized a horse had been ill

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a dance with if you wish to dance with?
a. either A or B
b. A
c. B and C.
d. B

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do you feel about a lady?
a. it is still your duty to find her
b. it is not necessary to find her
c. it is important for you and your partner.
d. she is too tired or wants to rest

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is wrong with a dancer?
a. none of the above is right
b. It is not allowed to ask a lady for help
c. it is not permissible.
d. It is always permissible

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Shi give up schooling in Beijing?
a. Her housekeeper's daughter was forced to move to her hometown to continue studying.
b. Her housekeeper's daughter was forced to go to Beijing.
c. She was allowed to sit the national college entrance exam in China, and she was not allowed to attend schooling at public schools for migrant workers."
d. Her parents were too poor to pay much money because of the current law

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did Shi think the current law is unfair for migrantes?
a. don't live together with their parents
b. have to stay at home
c. have to leave children with relatives in the countryside.
d. don't want to enroll their children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Shi think would be a good idea for children?
a. their lack of confidence to face the fierce competitions in city schools
b. their lack of education in Beijing
c. their poor ability to study at public schools.
d. their high school education

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Shi think is unfair for migrant workers?
a. children's tuition should be reduced
b. children should be paid huge sums
c. children should be allowed to sit the national college entrance exam.
d. children should be paid more than public schools

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Mary say she was sure no one could get in their house?
a. frighten burglars and tell him that somebody had got into the house
b. frighten burglars and tell him that there was a burglar in the house
c. frighten burglars to get into their house.
d. let him know what happened

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between the power siren and beams?
a. send a message to the control unit and start the siren
b. make a loud noise and break the siren.
c. make rays or beams in different directions, but not beamSIM'SILVER."
d. make a noise that you can hear 50 meters away

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to Mary at 2:10am?
a. It was a lizard that broke into the writer's house.
b. The writer was a burglar.
c. The writer was a fireman in the house and broke into it at night, so she was ill with her alarm system to go out of bed again."
d. The writer was bitten by the lightning that broke into the room

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mary say about the siren?
a. tell us an interesting experience
b. tell us a story
c. tell us he was a burglar.
d. tell us if there is a burglar in the house

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Dad's favorite gardener?
a. He loved being in the garden with his father.
b. He liked to play in the garden with his father.
c. His father loved to grow tomatoes and onions at home, too!
d. He was always a good gardener for his father

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Dad do when he died?
a. devoted more to gardening.
b. grew up in the same family.
c. planted tomatoes for his children's garden, too!
d. grew more vegetables to grow crops

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the state of Dad's garden?
a. The garden was almost deserted.
b. The garden was very beautiful.
c. The garden was very clean and tidy, too!
d. The garden was very dry

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Dad's garden?
a. He wanted to honor his father.
b. He wanted to grow vegetables.
c. He wanted to make friends with his father and son's gardener."
d. He wanted to keep away from his father

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Congress allow the USPS to hold a monopoly over?
a. It has complete control of first-class and standard mail.
b. It pays no federal, state or local taxes.
c. It pays no vehicle fees and is free from many regulations on other businesses by 2014.
d. It has a costly union-dominated workforce that slows the introduction of new ideas or methods down

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for the USPS losing billions of dollars a year?
a. must be replaced by international companies
b. is a government company
c. is free from regulations on other businesses.
d. is a union-dominated workforce

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did she say about the money?
a. was no richer than her friend June
b. was as important to her friend June
c. was as good as her friend May.
d. was not as important as her friend June

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did June do when she was a friend?
a. made some changes to it
b. wrote a new wardrobe
c. wrote two words to it.
d. wrote a new wardrobe

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the first time she wrote down how much money?
a. had decided not to make any comments on June's list
b. had decided to make a list
c. was excited about June's decision.
d. had been friends so long

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did she think of her new inheritance?
a. She found it surprising and meaningful.
b. She was a great believer in making lists.
c. She thought it important to make lists at once, and she was excited about the new inheritance!
d. She thought it necessary for her to spend all her money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What slogan has been going strong for 27 years?
a. A pet is for Life, Not just for Christmas.
b. A dog is for life, not just for Christmas.
c. A pet is for family and friends' needs at Christmas!
d. A puppy is for children to be looked after like a toy in the house

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the dog that has been popular in Christmas gifts?
a. Pets spread some diseases.
b. Dogs are not for life.
c. Dogs have been popular in the UK and Europe since 2012.
d. Dogs are very active at Christmas

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for owners to hand over their dogs to the Dogs Trust?
a. Because children will not take dogs seriously.
b. Because dogs need more attention than they can give.
c. Because dogs need to be trained properly and damaged around the home, too!
d. Because dogs needn't have behavioral problems or moving home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the group that played jazz in New Orleans?
a. The Development of Jazz
b. The Music of Africa
c. The Musics the slaves sang.
d. The Music of the South

Correct Options is a.
Question: What city has become more and more popular in the 1920s?
a. New Orleans is the place where jazz was very popular
b. New Orleans is an international seaport
c. New Orleans was the place where jazz played.
d. New Orleans is the place where people from all over the world play jazz

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people from all over the world play jazz?
a. 120
b. 120
c. 125.
d. 100

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many students turned away from UC San Diego?
a. 46, 000
b. 28, 000
c. 28, 000.
d. 18, 000

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mae Brown call the 'administrative error'?
a. UCSD admissions staff got information from the wrong database.
b. UCSD admissions staff were disciplined.
c. UCSD admissions staff were punished by the administrators of the university's campus, in fact it was not easy to get into trouble at all."
d. UCSD admissions staff were punished for the error and sent an apology within hours

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did UCSD refuse to say about Cole Bettles' admissions?
a. make up for the mistake
b. make a mistake
c. make an apology.
d. make a mistake

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to Karen Rodger' eldest child?
a. she was happy to have twins again
b. she was ill
c. she was very happy to have twins again.
d. she was unhappy with her husband

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to Karen Rodger's first pair of girls?
a. gave birth to the twin girls in her forties
b. gave birth to the twin girls in her forties
c. gave birth only two years later.
d. gave birth to the twin boys

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the Chinese capital'n ski resort?
a. Skiing as a new way of enjoying one's spare time.
b. Skiing as a new way of enjoying one's spare time.
c. Skiing in the same way that is a new way to enjoy one's spare time and money for others, too!
d. Skiing as if it is a good place to start skiing at home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for Beijing's ski craze?
a. For better services and equipment.
b. For more people to buy ski suits.
c. To attract more tourists and tourists in the city of Beijing, too!
d. For a better way to prepare the hills for visitors

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for Beijing' craze?
a. Price wars with other ski resorts
b. The growth of the industry
c. The development in the ski resorts.
d. The increase in private cars

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good way to start doing jogging?
a. need to use your heels to touch the ground.
b. You need to have a lawn or jogging track at home.
c. You need to raise your hands and jump by lifting in your knees as much as possible for the exercise itself, but you can't do it regularly with your feet together!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the benefits of jogging?
a. wrists---feet---shoulders---legs
b. tuck in abs---shoulders-footed
c. knees --shoulders and feet.
d. knees---shoulders

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main benefit of jogging?
a. a good atmosphere.
b. a good environment.
c. an excellent gym experience and a good workout rate!
d. the ability to keep fit in your daily routines

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most expensive way to swallow bottled water?
a. as safe as bottled water
b. as cheap and free
c. as expensive or as good to drink.
d. as easy as bottled water

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of a bottle being used in recycling?
a. To encourage them to set an example for others to follow.
b. To make them feel good about themselves.
c. To encourage them to buy bottled water for health reasons and to avoid it from being used in the recycling bins, or by drinking up!
d. To help them to find a way to keep away from the waste of bottled water

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some nations think they must have more babies?
a. it could still remain strong
b. it could be free
c. it could be dominated by its neighbors.
d. it could be sunk in misery and poverty

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to increase its population?
a. Methods of decreasing population.
b. The development of technology.
c. The development of standard living and level of technology in the world, or even a nation's population growth rate?
d. The development of modern technology

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for a nation to not be dominated by its neighbors?
a. why we must control population
b. why we must increase its standard of living
c. how we can increase its population.
d. why we must increase its level of technology

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for a new construction?
a. bricks and mortar will be replaced by some other building material.
b. The housing problem will be solved by scientists.
c. the housing problem is not a problem for the next generation or two to solve in time of development and future life."
d. There will be no need for people to live in a comfortable environment with every apparatus

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for a lack of housing?
a. will be how to feed the ever growing population.
b. will be a problem of the space age.
c. will be a problem in the future and the future, too?
d. will be a problem that people will not have solved before this century is out

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important factor in housing?
a. the population growth will be the greatest.
b. The housing will be light structure.
c. The minimum shelter is much more wasteful of ground space than can be tolerated at any time in the future, and it will be a problem for many years or so now!
d. The population will be a problem that will be solved by man's imagination

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the writer do to say about the flying bluebird?
a. The author didn't like the man's foolish questions
b. The author was very angry with the man
c. The writer didn't like the man at all.
d. The man was too busy to answer questions

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to me one day in a train?
a. there were too many people on the train
b. I was hurt
c. I was hurt in the corridor.
d. I was hurt

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to me when I was hurt?
a. he would miss the ship that went where he worked
b. he would miss the ship that went where he worked
c. a lot of people came to him. His work was too busy for his business and it was too late in time, so he was not able there any more than before."
d. he had to go back home with his family

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is The Flying Bluebird called?
a. A Bad Experience on the Train
b. A Hot Country
c. A Great French City.
d. A Good Place to Work

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the person who walked up the road?
a. Charlie Kemp is the author's neighbor but not his real good friend
b. Charlie Kemp is the author's real good friend
c. The author likes to be a policeman.
d. The author is the author' his real good friend

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to him twenty minutes later?
a. his neighbor Charlie Kemp complained about his action and called the policeman
b. he was angry with his neighbor.
c. Charlie Kemp was angry about the fire and called him to stop it in front of him, too."
d. Charlie Kemp was angry at his neighbor's actions

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did the Kemps have friends?
a. it is difficult to understand a person, even your friend
b. they were interesting and clever people
c. they were always losing things like money, keys or watches.
d. they were not interested in their work

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Groning do in the effort of killing?
a. contributed to killing more Jews
b. was responsible for the mass murder of so many others
c. was responsible to kill more Jews.
d. was responsible for procedures carried out on twins

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Oskar Groning' 93 year old son?
a. amazed
b. sad
c. angry.
d. worried

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Eva Mozes Kor do in order for the Nazis to be able to do?
a. To expect to forgive him.
b. To stop the Nazis killing him.
c. To make a statement to the Nazi government and his family members, too!
d. To show that she is a survivor suffering so much

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the book that Eva Mozes Kor wrote about?
a. Favorable.
b. Unbelievable.
c. Interesting and interesting, but interesting to read in a Facebook post!
d. Unforgettable

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the merger between Dell and EMC?
a. the influence of cloud computing on computer and storage device makers
b. the rise of the cloud
c. the lack of a public company.
d. the development of computer and storage device makers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the biggest factor in cloud computing?
a. gain more computing capacity quickly
b. a lot of new servers and installing software
c. the use of the Internet is increasing quickly.
d. the need for more computing capacity

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason why companies are able to use cloud computing?
a. it may make it difficult for customers to recover their data
b. it may make it easier for companies to use the Internet
c. it may help customers to find out their own data.
d. it may cause a debate about whether the cloud needs stricter regulation

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the two things that cloud computing brings to an end?
a. Every white has its black, and every sweet has its sour.
b. Every black has its white, every sweet is.
c. Every red has its green and every pink have its sour!
d. Every blue has its yellow; every purple has its orange

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the study that has confirmed atmospheric CO2is affecting ocean chemistry?
a. Sea Life Facing Danger
b. The Cause of Climate Change
c. The Causes for the Climate change.
d. The Causes of Climate Change

Correct Options is a.
Question: What effect did scientists expect more and more carbon dioxide to be absorbed into oceans?
a. the chemical balance of the seawater is affected
b. the seawater is dissolved in water
c. the PH of the seawater goes up and then moves to those depths.
d. the oceans are becoming acidic

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Dore do to confirm the effects of atmospheric CO2 in oceans?
a. his research and analysis
b. his research and analysis
c. his research on oceans.
d. his study of the ocean environment

Correct Options is a.
Question: What neurotransmitter regulates the brain' rewards and pleasure centres?
a. dopamine
b. drugs
c. DR2 and glucose.
d. DR2 receptors

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is optogenetics?
a. the high levels of DR2 can make animals avoid risks
b. the low levels of DR2 can make animals lose weight
c. the high levels of DR2 can make animals lose money.
d. the low levels of DR2 can make animals lose their money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the key part of survival?
a. Risk-taking is a means of survival and brings higher returns to humans.
b. Risk-taking is a means of survival and brings higher returns to humans.
c. Risk-taking is regulated by brain cells in the nucleus accumbens, which regulates the brain's reward or pleasure centres (DR2).

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a language that you must be persistent and do every day?
a. How to Speak English Well
b. How to Practice English
c. How to Learn the Language.
d. How to Learn The Language

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason that people can speak English better?
a. Keeping on reading when you have time.
b. Reading when you are in the mood.
c. Having a good basis of English and reading with your friends, too!
d. Reading every day to get more and more confidence

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is necessary in speaking English well?
a. practicing
b. reading
c. writing and improving.
d. listening to music

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a person who tell you that your English is very good?
a. A native speaker's praise.
b. A native speaker's name.
c. A native speaker and a friend of your own!
d. A teacher who is a native speaker

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most likely reason for a teenage driver to die?
a. A teenager driving after midnight with passengers in the car.
b. A teenager driving alone.
c. A teenager with three or more passengers in the car, and a teenage driver is too young to drive by accident at night."
d. A teenager driving without an adult over 25 for the first six months

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Robert Foss believe the higher death rates for teenage drivers have less to do with?
a. their lack of driving experience
b. their stupid behavior
c. their lack of driving experience.
d. their poor driving skills

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a graduated license?
a. the licensing system should be improved
b. the teenager should be able to drive
c. the teenager must be able of driving in the presence of an adult.
d. the teenager should be able to carry any passenger for six months

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason men die earlier than women?
a. hearts and long life
b. heart and blood
c. heart health.
d. kidneys

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason women' _ may be linked to their heart' pumping power?
a. the female heart loses few of the cells with age
b. the male heart loses the cells with age
c. the female heart die and are not replaced in men.
d. the male heart suffers from the same disease as women

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason women die earlier than women?
a. exercise regularly to keep your heart healthy
b. keep your heart pumping
c. keep your heart pumped with age.
d. keep your heart pumping

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one thing that surprised scientists about women' aging?
a. scientists are on the way to finding out why the male heart loses more of the cells
b. women's heart is more powerful than men
c. scientists are trying to find out why the male heart loses cells.
d. scientists are looking for ways to prevent the male heart from losing pumping power

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the most remarkable achievements that we can observe directly?
a. Plants and animals can survive in the desert by adjusting to the environment.
b. Plants and animals can survive in the desert by developing techniques for coping with their environment.
c. The mesquite and the prickly pear pick up moisture at ground level to keep the species alive, but they never die sooner or later

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the prickly pear do?
a. spreading its roots wide
b. shedding leaves
c. keeping water in the plant itself.
d. storing its roots at ground level

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for making shrilk?
a. Using it properly.
b. Using it as fertilizer.
c. Making it easy to use in the home for years and centuries later, they will degrade again soon!
d. Using it as fertilizers or as fertilizer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for shrilk?
a. its raw materials are abundant in mature
b. its basic components are used as fertilizer
c. it is made from shrimp shells and proteins.
d. its mass production is possible

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for plastic being made from shrimp shells and proteins?
a. Testing ahrilk's use in wet conditions.
b. Using it as fertilizer.
c. Making products that last 1,000 years in the labs and laboratories, for example shrimp shells or insects' outer shells."
d. Using it to make products demanding a lot of material

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the material that was created by Harvard researchers?
a. A Possible Alternative to Plastic
b. A New Material
c. A New Way to Use Plastic.
d. A New Way of Making Shrilk

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Xiaoice do to help her communicate with users?
a. Identify various photos.
b. Read news.
c. Play music and make jokes for their users, they say it to them."
d. Send emojis m conversations with users

Correct Options is a.
Question: What company is the latest artificial intelligence robot?
a. IBM.
b. Apple.
c. Amazon's Alexa and Siri are popular with users in the US now, too!
d. Apple is the only company that has developed artificial intelligence robot

Correct Options is a.
Question: What group has been a major player on the world stage?
a. Communist  Party of China
b. Communist Party of China
c. Communist party in China.
d. Communist Party of China

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of China's leadership?
a. Proud
b. Uninterested
c. Unconcerned.
d. Unforgettable

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the role of Chinese leadership for China's economy?
a. What roles do you think CPC plays in China?
b. What is the CPC leadership?
c. How does CPC play in China's economy work out.
d. What is the role of CCP for economic development

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for sustainable development?
a. it makes growth hard to continue
b. it is a proper trend in many countries
c. it makes the world warm and clean.
d. it helps to reduce carbon emissions

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way governments can develop the potential of sustainable products?
a. encourage energy conservation
b. reduce carbon emissions
c. redirect some expenses.
d. reduce the cost of natural resources

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for the rise of harm from traditional business models?
a. To introduce a new business model.
b. To make more money.
c. To increase the population in China and Japan, to grow rapidly now than before!
d. To reduce the cost of reducing carbon emissions

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Richard want to say to his mom?
a. shocked
b. sorry
c. sorry.
d. sad

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Richard feel about his wife?
a. he hurt her sometimes
b. he was sad
c. he was sad to have her in his life.
d. he was angry with her

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Richard see in the obituary?
a. be on good terms with his friend again
b. a newspaper
c. he was in a sound sleep.
d. his wife lay beside him

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Richard want to do with his children?
a. we should tell our family how much we love them
b. we should tell our family how much we love them
c. we should give them a chance to have their life.
d. We should ask them to do so

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Dominic York do to help patients?
a. he could perform some duties of a doctor
b. he could make friends with others
c. he could do some research on patients' health.
d. he could help the doctors in emergency operation

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Dominic York do to help patients?
a. watching other doctors work
b. Taking care of others
c. Seeing TV dramas about hospitals.
d. Visiting the hospital

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to Dominic York when he was knocked down by 'cars'?
a. She had been injured in a road accident.
b. She had been injured in a traffic accident.
c. Her friend was hurt by the car crash and died of a serious illness, too!
d. She had been injured when she was knocked down on her way to hospital

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Dominic York say he was doing?
a. pretended to be a psychiatrist
b. was a hairdresser
c. was a doctor.
d. was a policeman

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Rosemary think he would do to help her?
a. He wouldn't let her touch him.
b. He would give her a chance.
c. He wouldn't let Gordon touch him, and she could not help it at all!
d. He would make her feel ashamed of himself

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Rosemary say he had never done?
a. she was angry with him
b. she was angry with him
c. she was angry about Gordon's situation.
d. she was sorry for what he had done

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Rosemary think about him?
a. he would lose some of his self-respect
b. he would be ashamed of himself
c. he would be ashamed to have no money.
d. he would be ashamed of his own money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Rosemary think of Gordon?
a. accept any money from her
b. accept any money from her
c. give up all his money to him.
d. swung round and face the woman

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the phrase that I'm going to introduce today?
a. a new term "phubbing"and its problem
b. a new term "phubbing"and its problem
c. a new term "phubbing",which is not easy to remember.
d. a new term "phubbeing".

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the article that focuses on phubbing?
a. Unacceptable
b. Unforgettable
c. Unbelievable.
d. Uncommon

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the phrase that I'm going to introduce today?
a. More and more people have become phubbers.
b. People have become phubbers.
c. People are more kind than phubbing in the past, and they are less likely to be ignored by others' friends or family members of people who phubbing

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the term for phone and snubbing?
a. stop phubbing in public places
b. look at your cell phone
c. pay attention to others' phones.
d. look at someone face to face

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Doris say about his wife?
a. Her husband doesn't care much for her
b. She is very handsome
c. Her husband doesn't like her.
d. Her husband doesn' t like her

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the first time that a man and his wife are using?
a. to have an immediate try at the new coffee
b. to pour a cup of coffee for him
c. not to speak with each other at the breakfast table.
d. to put down his newspaper

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good thing about the coffee?
a. Nice coffee can change one's life.
b. It is good for one's health.
c. It is good to drink coffee at home and abroad, too!
d. It is very nice but not good

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does television pay for?
a. what a TV advertisement is usually like in the USA
b. what a TV advertisement is like in the USA
c. what he sees daily.
d. what if he is a TV actor

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Russian give each of their men a drink?
a. alcohol
b. beer
c. wine.
d. wine

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Russian think Cuba was not?
a. tell the businessman what their countries are rich in
b. tell the businessman what their countries are rich in
c. give the businessman a drink with them.
d. give the businessman fewer cigars than they know

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Cuban say about Havana Cigars?
a. You shouldn't threw that very good cigar away
b. You should threw that very good cigar away
c. You shouldn'T eat the cigar.
d. You should t throw that very good cigar out of the window

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Russian say about Cubans?
a. We have too many lawyers in my country.
b. They are the cheapest in my country.
c. They are the richest people of my country, and they are the cheapest ones to use with them."
d. They are not rich enough for their businessman's work

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Russian say about vodka in Cuba?
a. There's Too Much
b. It's a rich country
c. It's a rich country.
d. It'll be the cheapest in my country

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the first aid that can help a pet?
a. Breathing Stops
b. Bite Wounds
c. Bleeding.
d. Burns

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the first aid that can help you?
a. get rid of them before washing
b. keep them clean
c. keep them warm and dry.
d. keep them clean before they are bitten

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is not a _ for veterinary treatment?
a. doing pet first aid
b. a mask
c. a pet's nose and mouth.
d. a pet with large amounts of dry chemicals

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of assumption did Joan accuse George of having a drinking problem?
a. clever
b. foolish
c. logical.
d. clever

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Joan believe about George?
a. people's assumption can be false
b. people's assumption is false
c. people' s assumption can be true.
d. people's assumption is not true

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the people of Wellington Koo say about red roses?
a. men think women would like them.
b. Men don't like them.
c. Women don' t like them at all, so they don'd better buy it than red ones!
d. Men don' have to buy them in the future

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did the Chinese speak fluent English?
a. By giving examples.
b. By comparing.
c. by presenting examples and comparisons,
d. By describing different cultures

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the new survey of generations?
a. grandparents take more responsibilities for grandchildren
b. grandparents are more important than grandchildren
c. grandparents are more important in their grandchildren's lives.
d. grandparents have more responsibilities for grandchildren

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of people are increasingly key to the younger generation's life issues?
a. races
b. values
c. spirituality.
d. drug and alcohol use

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the average age of grandparents?
a. About three fifths communicate with their grandchildren at least once a week.
b. About one-third connect with their grandchildren via email.
c. About half of the grandparents talk to their grandchildren by text messaging and text messages at least once a week, or so as not before they speak there in any way that day."
d. About half of the grandparents talk with their grandchildren through telephones only

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the survey that found grandparents are key to their grandchildren's life?
a. Not given.
b. Interested.
c. Unknown and uninterested in it."
d. Unknown

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the person who took pictures that he had taken?
a. Every man has his hobby-horse.
b. Every man has his hobby-horse.
c. Everyone is a man who has his hobby and pleasure in life, too!
d. Every man has his hobby-horse to do with his hobby

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who took a picture of his sleeping bag?
a. The author's son.
b. The author's friend.
c. The author and his mother, in the end of summer 2013.
d. The author' a deer or two

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did her friend do when she went to Europe?
a. she realized the truth by herself inspired by the surrounding examples
b. she was a fan of stained glass
c. she was a student in the hotel and restaurant.
d. she was a student at the University of London

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the author do?
a. The author will allow her son more freedom to choose in his future life.
b. The author was surprised when her son took pictures of the nightly campfire.
c. The author found that her son had taken a picture of his sleeping bag, he found in the gravel next to the car and a burned hot dog's thumb or a piece of gum

Correct Options is a.
Question: What color is orange?
a. Billy can't see.
b. Orange is orange.
c. Orange looks like a normal baby's, too!
d. Orange is the same as he can see

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did Billy's mother describe things she saw outside the window?
a. By describing everything to him.
b. By telling him about the world around her.
c. by telling him how to tell his phone numbers and calls he dials them in letters, too!
d. By telling him about the way of his dreams

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did Billy start teaching computer programming?
a. When he was7 years old.
b. When he was 7 years old.
c. At the age of 7.
d. After his dream school is Stanford University

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a new study show could put people more at risk for?
a. the relationship between air pollution and heart diseases
b. the effects of air pollution
c. the health problems in cities.
d. the risk of heart disease

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did scientists believe could put people at risk for heart disease?
a. air pollution is becoming more and more serious
b. heart attack is becoming more and more serious
c. heart disease has become more and more severe.
d. heart disease is becoming more and more serious

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the cause of heart disease?
a. air pollution is more serious than scientists thought
b. heart disease is more serious than the other diseases
c. heart disease can be caused by air pollution.
d. heart disease is more serious in cities

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the study show about parents?
a. It paid close attention to the effect of fathers on their children.
b. It was based on the experience of fathers.
c. It asked people to answer questions about their children' mental health in the end, and then gave them more time for it at that moment."
d. It showed how parents dealt with stress as adults

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are men who reported having a good relationship with their fathers during the years when they were growing up?
a. their childhood stressful events
b. their childhood memories
c. their daily life experiences.
d. their family and friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between men and women who reported having good relationship with their fathers?
a. Parent-child relationships have a lasting effect on children.
b. Children are more likely to be emotionally stable.
c. Parents have more emotional effects than women during childhood, and they have less psychological distress in their daily lives."
d. Parents have more emotional effects on children's mental health

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most common reason for a father's emotional distress?
a. People with good childhood relationships with their parents suffered less stress.
b. People with a good childhood relationship were less emotional.
c. People who had fewer stress experienced more stressful events than those that had a poor relationship at the age of 25 and 75, too!
d. People who have bad childhood relationships with their parents suffered less stress

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Yang Qunhui believe was a good idea for her business?
a. One of the company's goals is to find clients who are willing to put their ads in the restrooms.
b. The company is the only one of its kind in Chengdu.
c. The company is now the only one of its kind to run it for a year and has started a restroom-ad business with five other graduates, becoming a "restroom queen".

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Yang Qunhui say the company was trying to start?
a. do something she likes
b. find suitable restrooms
c. find clients who are willing to put their ads in them.
d. find more ad sources

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Yang's job?
a. a young woman called Yang Qunhui has started her restroom-ad business.
b. She is a graduate of Chengdu University.
c. She is the only one in Chengdu to run her company now and then it's the first business for her job at that time."
d. She is a student from Shanghai university who is a "restroom queen".

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the word for the company that teaches women about restrooms?
a. not clear
b. not popular
c. cheap.
d. easy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the final story of the Endurance?
a. They recorded a disastrous adventure
b. They were shot from 1914 through 1916
c. They were shot by a cameraman in the ship.
d. They were shot on the South Pole

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who was the Captain of The Endurance?
a. Robert Falcon Scott
b. Shackleton
c. Caroline Alexander.
d. Frank Hurley

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the money made by Frank Hurley?
a. Money making
b. Photographing
c. Photography.
d. Photographing

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many animals are in the Pinnawelan Orphanage?
a. Two.
b. One.
c. Three, and four to five in all!
d. Four

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of 'Pinnoweli Elephant Orphanage'?
a. get volunteers for Pinnawela Elephant Orphanage
b. visit the elephant orphanage
c. bathe the elephants in the river.
d. enjoy a walk to the elephant'

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main purpose of Pinnawelan orphanage?
a. care for elephants
b. feed elephants
c. help the elephant population.
d. protect the elephant habitat

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can rainy season cause?
a. people with weak immune might be attacked by some diseases
b. people with weak immune might be attacked by some diseases
c. people who have weak immune may be attacked in the rain.
d. people with weak immune will be more easily attacked

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one thing that can cause diseases during the dry season?
a. some knowledge about tropical regions to travelers
b. rain
c. the weak immune to diseases.
d. the weak immune

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the project that will take place in a natural park?
a. Gardening work.
b. Sports.
c. Outdoor activities and games/workshops about continuous development."
d. Community reconstruction

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the group that gives young people the opportunity to volunteer abroad?
a. Youth Exchange 4
b. Youth Exchange 1
c. Theme:A sociaI-environmental project.
d. Youth Exchange 2

Correct Options is a.
Question: What country is the most popular city in which Youth Exchanges are held?
a. Italy
b. Spain
c. Italy.
d. France

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of music does the OCF bring to Oregon?
a. dance
b. dance
c. music.
d. music

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did the Seaside Beach Volleyball Tournament begin?
a. In 1982.
b. In 1969.
c. In 2003, and in 2012!
d. In 2005

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where can you find more information about the Seaside Beach Volleyball Tournament?
a. www.aadfv.blogspot.com.
b. www.Oregoncountryfair.org
c. www. Hoodtocoast. com and the website

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the person who sat at OCF?
a. too many people will go there
b. there are many people
c. there is a lot of food.
d. there are many people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the biggest population in London?
a. The metropolitan area of Paris is the largest one in the EU.
b. The city of London is the largest one in the EU.
c. The city of London has a total population of 12 million to 13 million, and it is the largest among all European cities around Europe now!
d. Heathrow Airport is the busiest airport by international passenger traffic

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did I do when I took what?
a. it was rather difficult to get a job in the USA
b. I was a young idealistic teacher
c. I was taught English by my sixth-grade class.
d. I was taught that a successful educator should ignore bad behavior

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the problem with English?
a. She had blind trust in what she learnt at college.
b. She was not able to make hay while the sun shines.
c. She was too young for her sixth-grade class at college and had no time off in school before she became idealistic teacher herself, as well As an English educator now!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did she do to help teach English?
a. She might lose her teaching job.
b. She was a young woman.
c. She was a teacher in New Jersey City, too!
d. She was a teacher of the same age

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did she do in 1974?
a. She managed to finish the class without crying.
b. She was asked to do something for her sixth-grade class.
c. She was asked to do some research on the field of teaching in New Jersey, and she did it again at home with a job there as well!
d. She took part in the interview because she wanted to get a teaching job here

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the problem with my sixth grade class?
a. She didn't really understand them.
b. She didn't like them.
c. She didn' resisted teaching English at all, too!
d. She didn'd be able to teach her in the future

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the main reason I had to take a teaching job in New Jersey?
a. sincere and supportive
b. optimistic and confident
c. frightened but hopeful.
d. worried, optimistic

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Lance Gerrard-Wright do to find the women?
a. how a famous couple met and got married
b. how he met the women's families
c. how a famous couple got married.
d. how he met the women and introduced them to his own

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Lance do on the show?
a. Lance asked one of the women to marry him.
b. He met the women's families.
c. Lance met all the women in expensive restaurants and romantic locations to find their perfect partner, too!
d. The show was shown by a Swedish celebrity who was from Sweden

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the two women who were on the show?
a. Lance and Ulrika started dating each other.
b. Lance and Ulrika started dating each other.
c. The show was shown in England by the two women's parents, but they didn't like to marry them at all!
d. They were both married for seven weeks on the show

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the show that aired in 2002?
a. They weren't asked to attend the wedding.
b. They were asked to go on blind dates.
c. They were asked to meet the women's families and met them in expensive restaurants or romantic locations, but they didn't want to marry him after all!
d. They were asked to choose one of the contestants who were the least compatible

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Lance Gerrard-Wright write to place in newspapers?
a. A letter
b. A letter
c. A letter.
d. A letter

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the two birds do to make themselves more active?
a. making herself more active
b. letting her sleep
c. making her sleep more.
d. letting her sleep better

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the author do?
a. The writer rose immediately after the clock went off.
b. The writer went to sleep the next morning.
c. The writer went back home and ran again in time for a while, so she couldn't get up quickly enough at night!
d. The writer was able to breathe the air very well but couldn' not get up fast

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the two birds say they were singing for?
a. we should appreciate the beautiful things in life
b. we should be very busy
c. we should have a good rest.
d. we should learn to sing

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long did it take to break out of Surtsey?
a. About four days after the volcano broke out .
b. About two days after the volcano broke out.
c. Only one day before it was broken down insurtsey, and about three months later they were dead at that time of this year'

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did scientists see in Surtsey?
a. The Birth of An Island.
b. A fishing boat.
c. A volcano breaking out in the sea, and smoke falling into the sea to rise up from the bottom of the sea

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one-fifth of the population who can no longer see it?
a. People in some parts of the world cannot see the Milky Way with their naked eyes as a result of light pollution
b. People in some parts of the world can see the Milky Way with their naked eyes
c. Some city kids would look through the orange smog above their heads.
d. People in some parts of the world can't see the Milky Way without their naked eyes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can sea turtles confuse for the ocean?
a. be misled by bright lights from beachfront resorts
b. find the sea to lay eggs
c. find the sea and escape predators.
d. find the ocean horizon with bright lights

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a matter of protecting wildlife in India?
a. the killing of game animals was controlled
b. the speed of extinction was increasing
c. the speed at which they are being destroyed has been put on.
d. the number of animals is growing rapidly

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the need for wildlife protection in India?
a. the needs of people
b. the protection of animals
c. the protections for wildlife.
d. the protection of wildlife

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the type of animal that was killed outside a park?
a. dying out
b. burning wood
c. destroying trees.
d. burning for their furs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of equipment does the police station have?
a. Scanning equipment .
b. Alarm system.
c. Alarming equipment, and alarm systems for prisoners

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has Gwent Police used color psychology to decorate their police cell?
a. the use of colors in cells to affect criminals' psychology
b. the use of colors in cells to encourage truthfulness
c. the use of yellow color on the walls for prisoners.
d. the use of blues and browns as a calming color

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of the Nutritious Living brand?
a. To inform people of different steamers
b. To make the food steamer cheaper
c. To sell different kinds of steamers.
d. To help people to cook more rice and chicken

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the ring in the center allow for?
a. It is easy to take out.
b. It is easy to lift.
c. It is easy to clean and it is easy for you personally, too!
d. It can hold small dishes with the water under it

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important part of a food steamer?
a. cooks different foods at the same time
b. cooks different foods at the same time
c. cooks different food in a single way.
d. cooks different kinds of dishes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most expensive of the food steamers?
a. buy a folding steamer if you want to try
b. a folding steamer
c. a folding stainless-steel version.
d. a folding stainless-steel type

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason ABC Family ABC started its channel?
a. are unsuitable for the whole family to watch together
b. are not suitable for children aged 5 and up
c. are not suitable to the kids of all ages.
d. are more mature than Cartoon Network

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the type of channel that Discovery tries to do in an entertaining manner?
a. Relaxing.
b. Optimistic.
c. Exciting and boring,
d. Unforgettable

Correct Options is a.
Question: What family channel was created by ABC?
a. ABC Family
b. Nickelodeon
c. Discovery Channel.
d. Nickelodea

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the measure of our peace of mind determined by?
a. we ought to learn to live in the present moment
b. we should be able to live in the present moment
c. we should have enough money and we will get old.
d. we should keep our attention on the here and now

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do people believe that we can be afraid of the present moment?
a. it isn't necessary to fear for future
b. it isn't necessary to worry for future
c. it is not necessary that we have enough money.
d. it is a good idea of our future

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did John Lenner say about our children?
a. they are always busy making plans for future
b. they are always busy growing up
c. they are always able to live in the present moment.
d. they are always afraid of future

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do we allow to change our mind?
a. Because past problems and future concerns control their present moment.
b. Because we are anxious, frustrated and hopeless.
c. Because our future will be better than today now or tomorrow in the future!
d. Because it is the only time that we have any control over

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the benefit of using dreams?
a. dreams can be useful in producing creative solutions to one's problems
b. dreams can help solve a personal problem
c. dreams can help one solve fewer problems than others.
d. dreams can help one solve a personal problem

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the effect of dreaming?
a. nervous feelings may stop someone thinking of useful ideas
b. a lot of people are not interested in the experiment
c. people can't find a way to solve problems with a fresh point.
d. people can' get up early and have a good sleep

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Loewi say he would not have given another thought?
a. seeking creative solutions
b. Having a dream
c. writing down the experiment quickly and untidily.
d. putting himself in the problem

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for plants to be associated with a tree?
a. does not occur in groups
b. is not a common thing
c. is not a common species.
d. is not a common species

Correct Options is a.
Question: How much of North America and Europe did glacier cover?
a. in the ice age glaciers covered the world to depths of up to two miles
b. in the ice age glaciers covered much of North America and Europe
c. as the climate warmed, they retreated.
d. when the climate was warmed

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for more discoveries on the island?
a. New fossils are discovered constantly.
b. The museum has a variety of different fossils.
c. The museum has introduced the study to many people before now and then, they have a lot more visitors than ever zuvor!
d. The museum has made more discoveries every year

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do guides help to identify?
a. Having fossils identified.
b. Having fossils found.
c. Taking photos of fossils in the museum's website, and finding out what they are doing at home!
d. Getting some information from the museum to find fossils

Correct Options is a.
Question: How are all trips booked?
a. by visiting the museum personally
b. by visiting the museum personally
c. on a local beach.
d. by visiting the museum in advance

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a college that has been closed?
a. After they graduate from university, they will usually find promising jobs.
b. It is a famous sports university.
c. It has been closed for a long time now, and it is not open to the public at all!
d. It is a college that can't find jobs in traditional schools

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason that a student should not take courses?
a. Transcripts of high school students can be very important reference for students to go to college.
b. Students should take courses in traditional schools.
c. Students can't get their transcripts at all and they should take no classes for college students to attend high school programs, too!
d. Students should not take courses because of the lack of job opportunities or college degrees

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are some examples of the prep school system?
a. school athletes, poor management of prep schools and irresponsibility of related college departments
b. high school athletes, poor education and lack of academic qualifications
c. college athletes' failures in their studies or failure.
d. the lack of job opportunities for students to take courses

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a prep school?
a. listing compulsory courses and the number of course needed to be taken in high school
b. examining athletes' transcripts and the number of courses needed in high school
c. asking students to take courses occasionally or sometimes by taking no course at all.
d. asking students to take courses only when they are literate

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for a college student'd lack of education?
a. The writer thinks more practical measures are needed to break it.
b. It is not suitable for college athletes.
c. It is too difficult to find a job opportunity or college degrees at all, and it is too expensive in the end of its life now."
d. The N.C.A. has decided to break it out because of its failures

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the goal that I had to ask myself each day?
a. Objective.
b. Excited.
c. Objective, and objective!
d. Objective

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the idea of a school poster help me do?
a. It helped him with decision-making and got him to put in extra effort where necessary.
b. It helped him to make more choices.
c. It helped him to get more money from Harvard students and a scholarship application for scholarships in 2011.
d. It made him feel better when he was at school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did you need to do when you were at Harvard?
a. You should be determined to act and make decisions in order to achieve your goals.
b. You should be able to make more choices.
c. You should ask your peers for feedback on your application essays and submit one more scholarship applications in the future!
d. You should have a good time with your friends when you are at Harvard

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of food is composted from?
a. fast-food restaurants
b. farm animals
c. farmers' houses.
d. farmers' homes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of people are bringing food to Eco City Farms?
a. Enthusiastic.
b. Angry.
c. Disappointed and disappointed!
d. Worried

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do people learn about Eco City Farms?
a. they demonstrate how to use green power in city life
b. they are a community with little money
c. they have no access to fresh food in markets.
d. they can grow vegetables and bees all year round

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the environment that has been gaining popularity in cities and towns around the US?
a. Environment.
b. Environment.
c. Food and environment in the US,
d. Foods for farmers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the truth about jogging?
a. discuss jogging as a physical fitness program
b. prove that jogging is the most popular sport in America
c. explain why a pair of good shoes are needed.
d. show how to develop the ability to run

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is exercise?
a. develops the heart,lungs,and circulatory systems
b. is a cheap,quick and efficient way to maintain (or achieve) physical fitness
c. is the only kind that can reduce heart disease.
d. is the most useful way to maintain (or achieve) physical fitness

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are some of the reasons for this type of exercise?
a. jogging can be harmful if the runner is not properly prepared
b. jogging is the only way to reduce heart disease
c. a pair of good shoes can help the knee and ankle to run quickly.
d. Runners should not try to walk in street clothes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of exercise is needed to help reduce heart disease?
a. approving
b. approving
c. approving.
d. encouraging

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where did the quake in 1920 take place?
a. China
b. Italy
c. China.
d. Italy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What condition is Simona positive for?
a. she suffered from HIV
b. she was ill
c. her husband became unfriendly.
d. she was ill

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the quarrels begin in Simona' family with?
a. shouldn't bring so much trouble to them
b. should be treated well
c. shouldn't be treated properly.
d. should be treated with proper care

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did her parents do to help with her illness?
a. Simona was accepted immediately by the first school.
b. She was able to help the family.
c. The social worker helped her enroll Simona in another school and provided emotional, financial, and material support for the family."
d. She was able to ease the tension between the family

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the first study to test TXA on accident victims?
a. It was only used in operations before
b. It was made by the British government
c. It was used in elective surgeries.
d. It was only used on children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the first study to test TXA?
a. they hadn't used it on accident victims before
b. they had no idea of it
c. they had not used it on children before.
d. they hadn't tried it for children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the general manager do when he decided that they were not cheating?
a. He wanted to know whether his employees are honest.
b. He wanted to test his employees' values of life.
c. He wanted to show his employees the truth about their work and acted smartly in doing so, too!
d. He wanted to tell people the truth that they were not cheating

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the general manager say about his people?
a. the seed had been boiled
b. they had been beaten
c. they were all poor people.
d. they had lost their jobs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a general manager say about his people?
a. They didn't understand why the man was the winner.
b. They were not good at their work.
c. They were very poor and didn't know how to plant seeds in the pots or plants there, too!
d. They were afraid of the man because they were boiled seeds

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the general manager say he didn't cheat me or himself?
a. being honest
b. being clever
c. using some other seeds.
d. Using some other seeds

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Pleasant Goat appreciated for?
a. courage and wisdom
b. humor and humor
c. kindness, patience or humor.
d. courage

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the typical character of Big Red Wolf?
a. bad
b. good
c. lazy.
d. beautiful

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the Chinese cartoon series?
a. in 2010 we will see the second movie of Pleasant Goat and Big Big Wolf
b. It is the most successful"China made"cartoon series
c. it is shown almost every day in every child's goods store.
d. It is not only welcomed by children but also discussed among adult audiences

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did the ISS explode?
a. To inform us of the explosion of NASA-s unmanned rocket and its effects.
b. To show the resupply mission of NASA-s unmanned rocket.
c. To warn us of the danger caused by the explosion in spacecraft and its effects on humans, animals or animals at the station's launch for the ISS itself to be destroyed because of an "equipment failure".

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the reason for the explosion?
a. Frustrated.
b. Disappointed.
c. Disappointing and frightened!
d. Uninterested

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the reason for the explosion of an unmanned rocket?
a. depressing
b. ill
c. sad.
d. disappointing

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the reason for the explosion?
a. Most of the food astronauts eat at the ISS is frozen and tastes bad.
b. The cargo ship was loaded with 2,200 kilograms of supplies.
c. The cargo included 617kg and the ISS was carrying a rocket bound for Earth in 1998, which is one of the most ambitious international collaborations ever recorded on the earth now."

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did the HR manager ask for his job?
a. Because he didn't have an e-mail.
b. Because he didn't have an e-mail.
c. Because he didn'T know what to do at Microsoft, and he didn' Tough enough money for it."
d. Because a computer was not the best job in the world

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the HR manager do to him?
a. The man didn't give up though he failed the interview.
b. The man didn't give up because he didn'T know what to do.
c. The man didn'd like the interview so he didn'm sure that he could succeed in this way, and returned home happily with 60 dollars at once."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of people did the jobless man have?
a. smart and hardworking
b. smart and hardworking
c. clever but kind.
d. brave

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the HR manager say was a good thing?
a. Misfortune may be an actual blessing.
b. The jobless man is not a good person.
c. The jobless man is not a good person at Microsoft, but he is a bad person in the office boy's life!
d. The jobless man is an excellent employer and can be successful

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the goal of a time management strategy?
a. do the most important one first
b. make a "to-do" list
c. make fewer tasks at one time.
d. Make ten minutes of study review

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is not our problems?
a. Time Management
b. Time Planning
c. Time Management.
d. Time Plan ahead

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does a zoologist say when he gets bad toothaches?
a. reasons for some lions eating people
b. why he is very poor
c. why he is too old to eat food.
d. why he is too busy with his diet

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the phrase that explains why people are easy preys?
a. not mentioned in the passage
b. not mentioned in the passage
c. Not mentioned at all.
d. not mentioned

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do lions often have to eat when they get bad toothaches?
a. Why Do Some Wild Animals Eat People
b. Why Do Some Wild Animals Eat People
c. How do Some Wild Animals eat people?
d. Why Do Some Wild Animals Eat Food

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why was he held?
a. Worsfold was arrested because of his clothes as well as his facial expression.
b. He was thrown to the floor and handcuffed.
c. His body is broken down because of his condition in muscle rigidity, which can cause him to become expressionless."
d. The police were not allowed to take him off this seven-foot wall

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is muscle rigidity?
a. Worsfold has an expressionless face and probably looks strong.
b. Worsfold is a martial arts trainer.
c. Worsfold has a strong face and looks strong in his eyesight, too!
d. Worsfold is a cyclist who is a good friend of the police

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is A Bite of China?
a. there is a huge contrast between the ancient food culture and the reality
b. The documentary is about the food industry in China
c. the documentary is about the food culture of China.
d. The documentary is about the food industry and the food market

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good reason to see this new 7-part documentary?
a. the punishment for unscrupulous businessmen isn't serious enough
b. the food industry is huge
c. the cost of faking and cheating has been reduced.
d. the food industry is too small for us to be punished

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many hours of freedom did Tom have?
a. 5
b. 2
c. 4
d. 5

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Tom stop by the fence?
a. Because he wanted to know if he could buy help with his toys.
b. Because he wanted to make friends with his aunt Polly.
c. Because a bucket of whitewash was too long for him and he wanted to get some money from the fence itself, so he wanted to find out what he had done on the fence before it came down in front

Correct Options is a.
Question: What idea did he have?
a. Tom planned to make Ben give up his apple first
b. He wanted to make friends with Ben
c. He wanted to show his love for Ben.
d. He wanted to be a good friend of his aunt Polly

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Ben Rogers do while working?
a. Tom was unwilling to whitewash the fence, but he managed to let other boys do it for him
b. He was a boat captain.
c. He was a friend of his aunt Polly's and wanted to make joke about him."
d. He was a boy who wanted to be a good swimmer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did he do to get his hands dirty?
a. His curiosity about Tom's brushing job.
b. His curiosity about Ben Rogers.
c. His desire to make friends with Tom' s aunt Polly and his friend, Mr Rogers."
d. His hope for the future of his family

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Tom do with his bucket of whitewash?
a. The Happy Whitewasher
b. The Great Whitewasher
c. The Good Man.
d. The Bad Man

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of child was Christopher?
a. sick children
b. young children
c. old people.
d. poor people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Tommy Austin and Ron Cox do to Christopher?
a. They gave him a tour of the city.
b. They gave him a real police uniform.
c. They gave him a tour of the city in a helicopter and made he a real police uniform for them to meet his favourite actors, singers or players at home."
d. They gave him a tour of the city by himself

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some children want to meet?
a. I wish to be.
b. I wish to be.
c. I wish to be, and then a friend of them's!
d. I wish to be

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the world's most well known charities?
a. "Make-A-Wish" has a history of over 30 years.
b. "Make-A-Wish" is a charity that helps children forget about their health problems.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are GM foods called?
a. the genetically modified foods
b. the genetically modified foods
c. the genetically modified food and rice.
d. the genetically altered foods

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good idea for developing countries?
a. may help to solve the problem of poor nutrition
b. is a good way to feed fastgrowing populations
c. is a great idea for farmers in developing countries.
d. is mainly a product of biotechnology

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the group that has been talking about genetically modified foods?
a. Cautious.
b. Cautious.
c. Unhealthy and unfriendly!
d. Unforgettable

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the researchers find about Facebook users?
a. make sure new messages aren't missed
b. make sure they have a good time.
c. keep in touch with friends and organize their social activities."
d. use their account regularly to find out the dangers of using it

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Daisy Jones believe was threatening her grades?
a. Spending much time on Facebook affected her study
b. She was in the library and tried to write a 2,000-word essay
c. Her Facebook habit had got out of hand.
d. She didn't know how to use the site

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are students more likely to perform?
a. Facebook fans do worse in exams
b. Facebook users feel socially successful in the web world
c. Facebook fans do better at exams.
d. Facebook fans do worse on exams

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the father ask his son about?
a. see poor people there
b. see how poor people can be
c. see how rich they are.
d. see how the country is

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the father say was imported in his garden?
a. a lamp
b. a dog
c. he had four.
d. sand

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the father say about his son's trip to a poor country?
a. embarrassed
b. sad
c. Angry.
d. Happy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the father ask his son to do when he was on trip in England?
a. How rich are we?
b. How rich are we?
c. How rich are we?".
d. How poor are we?

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do successful people never blame outside of themselves?
a. you shouldn't blame others for your failure
b. you should blame others for your failure
c. you shouldn't blame yourself in the end.
d. you shouldn' eat food and drink

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do successful people understand they can't do?
a. Controlling things in life.
b. Doing what they believe in.
c. Taking responsibility for their life and life itself, to do business with others or not at all!
d. Do whatever they believe in

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do successful people want?
a. share the key to success with readers
b. do business with readers
c. make a good plan for their life.
d. be honest and passionate

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the family that drove me to my home in Missouri?
a. to see his parents
b. to visit his friend
c. To visit the gas station.
d. to visit a friend

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the couple offer to do?
a. The couple offered to help him.
b. The couple offered to help him.
c. The couple offered to help his friend in the end, and he was very happy with it!
d. The couple offered to give him a gift for his friend's car

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened when I left my car?
a. he forgot to turn off the lights
b. he forgot to turn off the lights
c. he forgot to turn off the lights.
d. he forgot to turn off the batteries

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the friend and his wife write for helping me?
a. the importance of expressing thanks
b. the importance of making friends
c. the importance of making money.
d. the value of expressing thanks

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the acquisition of luxury brands do not lead to?
a. persuade young people to seek experience happiness
b. encourage young people to buy luxury brands
c. make young people become "happy" by buying expensive products.
d. help young people to develop their self-image

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do I don't understand?
a. why people spend so much money on designer labels
b. why people are relying on expensive brands for their self-image
c. how young people can build their self-confidence in other ways.
d. why people are born to desire material possessions

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a scary thing when he's in debt for designer items?
a. show off
b. look at
c. look for.
d. look at

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the book that helped guide travelers in Southeast Asia?
a. How the Lonely Planet Publications developed.
b. How the Wheelers wrote Across Asia on the Cheap.
c. How the Wheeler wrote their first book in Southeast Asia and abroad, to travel overseas for free!
d. How the Wheels opened up offices outside of Australia

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Lonely Planet Publications decide to write a guidebook?
a. there was no guidebook like it on the market
b. It was the largest guidebook publisher in the world
c. it gave guidance to travelers worldwide.
d. It made enough money for the Wheelers

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Lonely Planet Publications make enough money?
a. advocated the idea of traveling more with less money
b. was the chief travel guide for Asia
c. was the first book about traveling in Southeast Asia on a Shoestring.
d. was the largest guidebook publisher of the world

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the biggest factor in friendships?
a. the risk of having no friends.
b. the risk of having no friends.
c. the health benefits from friendships and physical help, too!
d. the ability to send a sick person to hospital or pick up medicine

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the morale of the Indians?
a. were in very low spirits.
b. were in a very strong position.
c. were in the weakest spirits of their enemies, and they were in good spirits!
d. were in an anxious situation

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Indians do to their families?
a. didn't trust the report.
b. fought bravely.
c. fought fiercely against the enemy's attack on them in campfire and firefighting with them at once, but they were degraded by defeat."
d. fought bravely to protect their homes from danger

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Indians do to their homes?
a. stopped pursuing the defeated Indians.
b. gathered up their children and their belongings.
c. gathered to see the stone bridge across the valley, just a short distance from camp."
d. gathered up their children for their own belongings

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Indians see across a valley?
a. The stone bridge is no longer in existence.
b. The stone bridge is a great hole in the earth.
c. The enemy was on the side of the defeated people and their horses, so they were frozen with fear to see for themselves!
d. The braves were surrounded by the enemy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do you should push with?
a. The ball.
b. The body.
c. The seat and handlebars, but not the bike itself!
d. The numbness of your hands or fingers from cycling

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Lang Ping currently coaching?
a. a club coach
b. a volleyball player
c. a volleyball coach.
d. he basketball team

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does China's former volleyball star think would be difficult to accept?
a. Lang Ping is thinking the US offer over
b. Lang Ping is a spiritual leader of Chinese volleyball
c. Lang Ping is a spiritual leader in China.
d. Lang Ping is a spiritual leader

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of China' former volleyball star Lang Ping?
a. Our women's volleyball team.
b. Our professional volleyball league.
c. Our coach Chen Zhonghe, who was once her assistant and for all Chinese watching on television."
d. Our team in the Beijing 2008 Olympics

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the reaction of Chinese media to Lang Ping's job offer?
a. worried
b. worried
c. disappointed.
d. surprised

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Rob Coulter's name?
a. A travel magazine.
b. A doctor.
c. A doctor and a teacher in Africa, for example."
d. An animal lover's friend Mike

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Rob see when he looked closely at the animal's skin?
a. Teeth marks appeared in his arm.
b. He was bitten by a snake.
c. His arm began to ache and his pulse became rapid, too!
d. The snake had bitten him

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Rob do to help slow the spread of venom?
a. Stay calm and don't move.
b. Keep the injured arm below the level of his heart.
c. Cut off the flow of blood and keep it under its level in a hurry to survive, so he was careful not to disturb snakes or insects with alcohol alone at once!
d. Stay calm but stay still

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one reason for a fall in drug crack?
a. the answers to the question why US crime figures are falling
b. the rise of drug-related crimes
c. the adoption of a zero-tolerance policy.
d. the use of crime mapping schemes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one reason that more people are now behind bars?
a. criminals should be strictly sentenced
b. criminals should be punished
c. criminals shouldn't be punished.
d. criminals should be punished

Correct Options is a.
Question: What group of people is studying the drug crack?
a. young people
b. young people
c. policemen.
d. criminals

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does John Taylor say children have secret feelings of weakness?
a. show self-centeredness
b. be more careful
c. be more confident.
d. be more confident

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for a child being bossy?
a. should be strict with their children
b. should be more confident
c. should be more careful with their children.
d. should be more confident about their parenting skills

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is fear at the root of?
a. What leads to children's bossy behavior.
b. What causes children to become bosses.
c. What causes children' s lack of control in the hands they have

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are children taught about drinking water?
a. how important it is to save water
b. how to use water
c. how to use water at home.
d. how to use water

Correct Options is a.
Question: How can you save clean water?
a. to use it in a clever way
b. to wash your hands
c. to wash the toilet.
d. to wash your car and pet

Correct Options is a.
Question: How is rainwater used to save your hands?
a. so that clean water can be kept for other uses
b. so that you can wash your hands after gardening
c. to make sure that you can keep clean water for a long time.
d. so that you can use more water than before

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Judge Joe believe he was cheating?
a. because he believed the answer should be in his favor
b. because he was not interested in the lawyer's answer
c. Because he wanted to prove that his client was fine.
d. because he wanted to know what the judge was saying about him

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did he do to his lawyer?
a. Farmer Joe did say "I'm fine" at the scene of the accident.
b. He asked the judge to answer a question.
c. The judge was interested in Farmer Joe's answer and said "I'm fine".
d. He asked the driver for help at the scene of the accident

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Joe's lawyer say he had been hit by trucking?
a. Because he thought it was the best way to stop the donkey from suffering.
b. Because he was too busy to answer the question.
c. Because he thought it was the best way for him to sue his client and get along well with her friends in court, so he was not fine at all!
d. Because a lot of people were hurt by the trucking company

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a major cause of?
a. fraud on the Internet happens very often
b. the Internet is a dangerous website
c. the security of the online shopping system.
d. hackers are breaking down security system

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do thieves get credit card information?
a. by stealing the information from Websites
b. by selling the information on a website
c. through stealing the information from websites.
d. by selling the information over the Internet

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way that a credit card can be used for online shopping?
a. you might suffer great losses
b. you may be cheated
c. you might be punished by hackers.
d. you may be banned from using the Internet

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a fraud that has caused an increase in credit card fraud?
a. How to Beat Online Credit-card Thieves
b. How to Buy Online Credit-cards
c. How to Use the Internet for Shopping.
d. How to Use the Internet

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one thing that women have to blame?
a. New fashions in clothing are created for the commercial exploitation of women.
b. Women are not allowed to wear clothes that have hardly been worn.
c. Women are not allowed to throw away clothes because of the change in fashion, and they waste too much money every year for changing them's dresses at home or abroad with their own eyesight on it all by themselves!

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do women tremble at the thought of being seen in public?
a. men are more reasonable in the matter of fashion
b. women are more clever than men
c. women are more clever in the matter of fashion.
d. women are more clever at the same time

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is money spent as well as any I know of?
a. it is worthwhile to spend money on advertising
b. it is worthwhile to spend money on advertising
c. it is worth spending more than any other thing.
d. it is worth spending money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one thing that a regular advertiser can do to avoid misleading?
a. holds one-sided views on advertising
b. advertises a product that fails to live up with the promise of his advertisements
c. makes a good impression on advertising.
d. makes a false impression about advertising

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the only way to do money spent on advertising?
a. There is nothing wrong with advertising in persuading buyers.
b. It helps to establish a firm home market.
c. It helps increase demand for labour and reduces the costs of many services, too!
d. The price of your television license would need to be doubled

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is money spent on?
a. Benefits of advertising and its characteristics.
b. The benefits of advertising.
c. The advantages and disadvantages of advertising, as well as the benefits it has to offer for people's life in a firm home market."
d. The benefit of the community by advertising

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long does it take for the company to have their own promotional pen?
a. It has a history of over 30 years.
b. It has a history of over 30 years.
c. It has a history of about 20 years and is a long time old!
d. It has a history of over 30 years

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does 1234 PENS's pens have more than one impact on their environment?
a. Their material is less harmful to the earth.
b. They are more eco-friendly.
c. Their material is less expensive to use than plastic water bottles in the world!
d. They can be used as a promotional tool for business purposes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for 1234 PENS offering eco-friendly advertising pens?
a. persuade people to order the products
b. offer the products to customers
c. make the products eco-friendly.
d. provide the products for free

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Edell's mom tell her to reward those with a prepared mind?
a. Prepare for your chances
b. Try new things
c. Be prepared for your dreams.
d. Be prepared to succeed

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Edell do when she was invited to be hostes?
a. her mother had great influence on her
b. she was a singer
c. she learned ballet in her childhood.
d. she was greeted by the strange faces

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Edell's job title?
a. Studying the English biography hard.
b. Getting ready to take any chance.
c. Being a singer is a must for her career in music and dances at school, too!
d. Being invited to be the hostess of the Asian MTV Awards

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Edell open to?
a. Liking to try new things.
b. Trying to find a job.
c. Getting ready for any chance that occurs in life, and not at if the right opportunity comes up."
d. Having a good time with her parents

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the reason for a report that found today's children are more anxious than kids in 1950?
a. probably suffered less from anxiety
b. a higher level of anxiety
c. a growing perception that the world is a more dangerous place.
d. a growing perception about the limits of individualism

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for children being more anxious than kids?
a. questionable
b. unavoidable
c. ill-treated.
d. unhappy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do you pull on to help kids build stronger connections with others?
a. TV and computer play an important role in isolating children from the real world.
b. Children will have more time for facetoface relationships.
c. Kids will get less sleep and have more time to make facetoface relationship with others, too!
d. Children will see a lot of murder and crime on the local news

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the goal of a report that found today's children are much more anxious than 50 years ago?
a. to get them more involved socially
b. to make them more active
c. to help them develop stronger relationships with others.
d. to encourage them to learn from others

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a young man do?
a. trying to save as many starfishes as possible
b. throwing starfishes in the ocean
c. catching up with dancer.
d. catching up on the beach

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a wise man do to his writing?
a. everyone can do something for the future
b. He was walking on the beach
c. he waswalking along the shore.
d. He waswalking fast to catch up

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the first step for parents of children?
a. feel pain because ambitions are connected to their success
b. feel a little pain because they are not interested in their success
c. feel praising their efforts and progress rather than praising high performance alone.
d. feel'smartness' is a part of learning

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of activities do parents use to communicate their children's message?
a. extracurricular activities
b. volunteer work
c. sports activities.
d. hobbies

Correct Options is a.
Question: What should parents do to their children?
a. By telling kids that mistakes are a part of learning.
b. By praising their efforts and progress.
c. By expressing their'smartness, and achievement alone."
d. By pointing out their lack of motivation to succeed in some kids

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Lisa Blackwell say parents can play a key role in conveying their message?
a. school performance has much to do with students' later success
b. praising their efforts and progress is important
c. praising high performance alone has nothing to do with students' success.
d. praising the achievement of students can help them achieve their dreams

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the first Thanksgiving that took place in Tennessee?
a. The family's always sharing happiness and sorrow with her.
b. The family's love for her.
c. The family' a special special gift to her at the age of 16.
d. The family'doing a lot in the past

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the first gift that my parents gave to me?
a. It means being loved and a sense of belonging.
b. It means being adopted and a place to come home.
c. It means being adopted by the family members of their own country, Tennessee or Tennessee."
d. It means being adopted in a special way

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the parents say was a key chain with?
a. To appeal to more people to adopt the older youth.
b. To show that the older youth are the most likely to get overlooked for adoption.
c. To tell people that they would always love the older youth and have a place home with them in their family."
d. To encourage people to adopt the older youth by themselves

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Forbes think he would do when he moved to London?
a. It was satisfying.
b. It was boring.
c. He was bored with his job at the company for years and months, it was interesting to him in London!
d. It was a good idea of his job as an advertising company manager

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the risk of hiring someone who leaves in short order?
a. will quit their new job again after a short time
b. will be pushed to another company
c. will be promoted more frequently.
d. will be offered better jobs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for Forbes's move to London?
a. the less someone moves around, the more he may be paid
b. he was bored with his job.
c. the more people move around, the more he may be paid to him and then become CEOs in London?
d. he wanted to get a better job than others at the same company

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of person is a qualified dental nurse?
a. florist
b. teacher
c. dentist.
d. worker

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the requirement for a qualified dental nurse?
a. The ability to work well with other people.
b. The ability to work as a co-operative team member.
c. The ability to talk to groups about dental health practices and procedures in the CBD area, south of the river or south of the river for an interview with one person/ preschool teacher at home!

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many hours per shift are required for professional cleaning in the CBD area?
a. 15
b. 5
c. 15
d. 20

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Alexander Selkirk's job?
a. he was hot-tempered
b. he was a writer
c. he was a politician.
d. he was a journalist

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Alexander Selkirk do to help him?
a. made his living as a writer
b. rescued Daniel Crusoe
c. ran away to sea.
d. rescued the captain

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did many people know about the story of a novel?
a. how Robinson Crusoe came to be written
b. how a Scotch "failure" came to be written
c. what the author was doing on his island.
d. how the writer's morals were weak

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to his ship when it came to Puerto Rico?
a. Even if Alexander Selkirk had not lived on the island of Juan Femande, Robinson 
     Crusoe would still have been written.
b. The captain refused to take him back.
c. He was rescued by another ship in Spain, and the Captain went away for help on it's way home from England!
d. It was too late that Alexander Selkirk had been living with his family members

Correct Options is a.
Question: What two things did Alexander Selkirk do to help the reader of Robinson Crusoe?
a. both A and B
b. Defoe was a good writer.
c. He was a good writer and a great critic of the Captain's story."
d. The captain was very friendly to him

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did he say he was arrested?
a. a policeman in plainclothes
b. a policeman in uniform
c. he was a police officer.
d. petty thefts from doorsteps

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to me in February?
a. the case was dismissed before the trial reached that stage
b. the policeman was arrested by a man
c. the police officer was in uniform.
d. the policeman was arrested with intent to commit an arrestable offence

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the two police officers that were arrested?
a. both B and C
b. both B and C
c. neither A nor C.
d. Both B or C

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to me when I was arrested?
a. he had protested strongly at the time
b. he had been in trouble with the law.
c. he was not due to go to university until October, and it was too late for him or her time at that moment."
d. he had been in trouble with the policeman's behavior

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long have I been in trouble with?
a. has never broken the law
b. has been in the library
c. is not a good student.
d. has never been to university

Correct Options is a.
Question: What new rules are coming out in middle school?
a. what is right and what is wrong
b. what is wrong and what is wrong
c. what is wrong but what is right.
d. what is wrong or what is wrong

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main goal of a middle school student?
a. Keep some animals to protect them.
b. Make more friends.
c. Make a lot of money for his school work together and get more fun at home, too!
d. Make the students know how to use the Internet

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of middle school's new rules?
a. be top students
b. be honest
c. be good students.
d. be best teachers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main purpose of WalMart?
a. To run the business in a well-organized way.
b. To make the company more efficient.
c. To help the customers get low prices in three months and a half years later, to sell it for free at a high price rate of less than two times per year."
d. To encourage consumers to buy goods from abroad without paying any price

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of workers do Wal-Mart have to send overseas?
a. more jobless American workers
b. more American workers
c. more American employees.
d. more American workers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the biggest retailer in the world?
a. Wal-Mart is a very demanding company.
b. Home Depot is the largest retailer in the world.
c. Wal-Mart has a clear policy for its suppliers to change prices and charge shoppers every year, they say."
d. Wal-mar Tough prices are not always high enough

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the company that has a clear policy for suppliers?
a. The Wal-Mart you don't Know
b. Home Depot
c. The Wal-Mart you don' t Know.
d. The Wal-Mart You Don't Pay

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long has a man been in Australia?
a. They have lived long enough to read this article.
b. They have lived long enough to read this article.
c. They have lived long enough for this article, and they have been reading it all the time now!
d. They have lived long enough to read this article

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for a man dying?
a. Unwillingness to find out about one's disease because of fear.
b. The fact that he is a survivor.
c. The fact that he is a man who is ill in the future, and he is ill soon enough to die of cancers or diseases at all times."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Gullotta say if you're a man and you're reading this, congratulations?
a. They will save money in the long run.
b. They will be more likely to die of skin cancer.
c. They will be less likely to die from AIDS than women in Australia, and they'll die on average five years before a woman!
d. They will have a better chance of diseases for the over-40s

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did witnesses believe Jackson was with them at the time of his trial?
a. the victims insisted that he was the attacker
b. the victims were not sure about him
c. the victims were not sure of him.
d. the victims were not sure he was the real criminal

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does a lot of factors influence?
a. the eyewitness lacks the professional help from police
b. the number of people in the group is greater than that.
c. the psychologists have no difference between the police and the civilian population, so they can't omit eyewitness testimony from a trial."
d. the jury has more chances to determine the accuracy of the witness's testimony

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a jury wrongly convicted Jackson?
a. the conviction of an innocent person
b. the conviction of a policeman
c. the convictions made by two witnesses.
d. the conviction of a real criminal

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did psychologists discover about Jackson?
a. it is sometimes the only way to resolve court cases.
b. it is not true in a court case.
c. it is the only evidence to rape and rape cases, so they can't find out what happened at trial or not?
d. it is impossible for people to make mistakes when they are convicted of raping two women

Correct Options is a.
Question: What factors influence the accuracy of?
a. eyewitness testimony is valuable, though sometimes incorrect.
b. The number of people in the group is important.
c. The psychologists found no difference between the police and the civilians when comparing them with others' faces, they can easily identify those who are innocent to be convicted by the judges or the judges at all times!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for China's lack of engagement in their jobs?
a. Because they don't take the jobs they really like
b. Because they are not engaged in their jobs
c. Because they don't want to work hard.
d. Because they have no choice but to choose the positions with the government or state-run enterprises

Correct Options is a.
Question: What group of people in China say they are not engaged in their jobs?
a. Civil Servants
b. Workers
c. Students.
d. Students

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Dale Carnegie's book?
a. A Famous Book
b. A Funny Book
c. A Funny Song.
d. A Good Seller

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of Dale Carnegie's advice?
a. we are shy to take the first action
b. we are always polite
c. we are always kind to others.
d. we are always friendly and polite

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who wrote the book How to Win Friends and Influence People?
a. The writer of this passage agrees with John Donne and Dale Carnegie
b. The writer of this passage agrees with John Donne and Dale Carnegie
c. The writer who wrote the book is a best seller.
d. The writer of this passage agrees with John Donne

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Dale Carnegies book?
a. Don't visit your neighbors too often.
b. Don't make friends with others.
c. Never make friends without other people or friends, too!
d. Always greet your neighbors and ask for help

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do people get out of cars?
a. It is more convenient to ride city subways and buses.
b. It is more convenient to ride city subways and buses.
c. It is more convenient for people to ride public transportation than to travel by train in New York City, too!
d. It is easier for people to take public transportation

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason researchers at the University of St Anurew'?
a. facial features might give people some wrong impressions
b. people are more likely to trust those with particularly masculine features
c. people are more likely to trust those with less masculinity.
d. people are more likely to trust those with special characteristics

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the goal of politicians everywhere?
a. politicians won't think highly of the science
b. politicians can judge a book by its cover
c. politicians can make quick judgments about a person on the basis of how they look.
d. politicians can't trust those with particularly masculine features

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the goal of politicians everywhere?
a. How Science could Help Politicians
b. How to Make Quick judgments
c. How to Make Easy Decision.
d. How to Know Who is the Most Trustful

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of the new SAT?
a. The proper meaning of the words in the passages.
b. The introduction of American historical documents.
c. The changes in the entrance test for international students and their parents, too!
d. The change of the admission to American colleges or universities

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do students live in?
a. they have different cultural backgrounds
b. they have different cultures
c. they have different cultures.
d. they have different cultures

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the major testing for American colleges and universities?
a. The SAT will change the entrance test in 2016.
b. The ACT will be the first test for American colleges and universities.
c. The SAT will change the entrance test in 2016.
d. The ACT will not change the entrance test of American colleges or universities

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do parents want flowers?
a. Because her father is easy to lose his temper to her mother
b. Because her father is very tired from the hard work
c. because her father loves his mother deeply.
d. Because she doesn't want to spend Valentine's Day

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the thread make a quilt strong?
a. Love is really existing everywhere and anytime even though we can't feel it.
b. It is very beautiful and durable.
c. It is very beautiful but it is very beautiful in the quilt of our parents' life, too!
d. It is very beautiful because we can feel it everywhere or anytime

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the thread that makes a quilt strong and durable?
a. The real love.
b. The love between parents.
c. The joy of life and friendships with parents."
d. The beauty of the quilt

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the thread make a quilt strong?
a. Love is inside, making life strong and warm.
b. Love is inside, making life strong and warm.
c. Love is outside or outside to make life stronger but durable in the quilt."
d. Love is inside, making life strong and comfortable

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the subject of volunteering?
a. introduce the topic of the text
b. explain the importance of volunteering
c. introduce the topic in a newspaper.
d. introduce the role of volunteering

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some cities require?
a. volunteering is a must for high school students
b. volunteers are more important than work for pay
c. students can learn new skills and help theircommunities.
d. students should do all they can to get ready for adult life

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Michelle Obama say is important for teens in the US?
a. Should students be required to volunteer?
b. Should students be forced to volunteer?
c. Should students be forced to do more.
d. Should students be forced to volunteer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did he do to the west between 1492 and 1504?
a. Columbus' voyages
b. The West Indies
c. The Indians' battle.
d. The Spice Islands

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Columbus do to find a sea route?
a. visiting several parts of Central and South America
b. visiting the West Indies
c. Visiting the Spice Islands in Europe.
d. Seeing the Indians who devoured its defeated enemies

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Columbus believe about the new Indians?
a. the land he had found was not China or Japan
b. the Spice Islands were not as strong in their name
c. the Indian tribe devoured its defeated enemies after a battle.
d. the Spice Islands was not as good as China

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the American natives?
a. Columbus never realized the full meaning of his discovery
b. Canibales was a name which came to refer, within a few years
c. Calina and Canimo were the same as those of the Indians.
d. The name of the Indians came into English

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who can buy items for all grades?
a. parents
b. teachers
c. students.
d. teachers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What website did I find when my son was ready for school supplies?
a. playitagainsports.com
b. Goodshop.com
c. Classroomdirect com andlunchboxes.com
d. Goodshop.org

Correct Options is a.
Question: How does it feel to buy a lunch box?
a. It is rather hard
b. It is very expensive
c. It is too expensive.
d. It is not easy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a friend ask for school supplies?
a. Shops where teachers shop
b. Shops where teachers shop
c. Shops in the classroom.
d. Shops with teachers

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did a friend shop for school supplies?
a. can save you some money
b. can help you find a good school
c. can help you buy some supplies.
d. can help you get a better education

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a fable for many people in the United States?
a. Going green
b. Going green
c. Being green.
d. Changing our lifestyles

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the people of our home do in order for them to be able to do?
a. they needed to perform unusual green tasks
b. they needed to make their own butter
c. they needed to make their own bread.
d. they needed to make their own butter

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did they try to do in order for people to go green?
a. They tried to get out of their ungreen habits.
b. They tried to make their own butter.
c. They tried to save energy for the environment and a lot of money in them' lives, they decided on going green every day at home!
d. They tried to get rid of their ungreen habits by themselves

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the program that you can use to sign up?
a. They should apply for the program online.
b. They should take part in various events.
c. They should be offered special courses for students to study at school and abroad, or visit www.ice.cam.ac.uk/intsummer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is limited to students?
a. There are not enough places for the courses or in-college accommodation.
b. There are not enough places for the courses or in-college accommodation.
c. There are no places to apply early and avoid disappointments at all of them, too!
d. There are only two places for the courses but in-college accommodation

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the time when women made their own contributions?
a. Women played a significant role in World War II.
b. Women were very important in World War II.
c. Women were very important to women's efforts and their names have been recorded there since WWI2.
d. Women were a significant part of the world during World War II

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who was a Germanborn Jewish girl?
a. Anne Frank.
b. Tatiana Nikolaevna Baramzina.
c. Hannah Szenes, and Anne Frank's family members in America!
d. Anne Frank was a ferry pilot for the Women Airforce Service Pilots

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who were the names of women in World War II?
a. Hannah Szenes and Tatiana Baramzina.
b. Anne Frank and Margaret Ringenberg.
c. Margaret Ringenberg,Anne Szenes' brother to the German army in World War II!
d. Margaret Ringenberg and Hannah Scenes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to Anne Frank?
a. Anne Frank and her family were arrested by Germans in 1944
b. Anne Frank was killed by the Germans in 1944.
c. Anne Frank died of illness at the age of 12.
d. Anne Frank was sent to the Central Women'S Sniper Training School

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did you do when you told your boss that Stephanie was looking for a new job?
a. seek advice on how to make her boss know she wants her position
b. ask her boss for help with the training department
c. ask her to talk about her career plans.
d. ask her boss to give her feedback on her job

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Stephanie do when she was asked for a job?
a. To find out who is also trying to get that position.
b. To ask her boss for help.
c. To give her feedback about what she thinks you can improve as a future leader."
d. To talk with the training department

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did you tell me about your last letter?
a. Ana's boss Stephanie may not be looking for a new job
b. Ana's boss Stephanie is not polite
c. Ana' s boss Stephanie is not interested in her job.
d. Ana's boss Stephanie is not polite

Correct Options is a.
Question: What will happen to your boss when she left?
a. let him know you want his position indirectly
b. ask him to talk with the training department
c. ask him to give him feedback about your career plans.
d. ask him to help you get into a people-management role

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one thing that can be said to have been a major cause of rain forests destruction?
a. all the above
b. The world's growing population
c. More people need land to live on and wood products for consumption.
d. The world' booming population

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Wilson call the depletion?
a. Luckily, people and mass media all paid special attention to the depletion  of rain forest.
b. The depletion of rain forests has been a serious problem.
c. People have been fighting against the cutting down of rain forests since the end of the age of dinosaurs and their survival is questionable, too!
d. The world' growing population has been a primary reason for the destruction of rain forests

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the cause of this destruction?
a. a serious fact that the rain forests are being destroyed every year, and the reason for that.
b. the growing population of the world.
c. the destruction of the rain forests is a serious fact that the environment has been damaged by the destruction and their survival are questionable, but not the cause for it itself."
d. the increasing population in the world will be the first reason to destroy the rain forests every year

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for the warming of the earth?
a. engages in the climate and changes about the earth.
b. is the most important greenhouse gases.
c. is a kind of natural gas that traps heat near the earth's surface, and has been used to study it for more than 1,000 years now."
d. is a way to reduce the temperature in the earth over the past century

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is carbon dioxide?
a. is one of the most important greenhouse gases
b. is the most important greenhouse gases
c. is the most important gas to reduce heat.
d. is the most important greenhouse gases

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the IPCC called?
a. What Do We Know about Global Climate Change?
b. What is the IPCC?
c. How does the Earth Warmer Over The Last Century Happened in Europe.
d. How Does the Earth Warm up over the last century happen

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the person who believes that old ideas will always work?
a. the CEO stuck to the conventional ideas
b. the CEO was a leader in the computer industry
c. the CEO was a leader of the digital equipment company.
d. the CEO was a leader for the news business

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for innovation?
a. changing could contribute to business success
b. the future is likely to be problematic
c. the future will be difficult for companies.
d. the technology in the world has become a dominant leader

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a major barrier to the survival of companies everywhere?
a. conventional wisdom limits innovation
b. the future is likely to be problematic
c. the future will be difficult for companies.
d. the technology of the Internet has nothing to do with innovation

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Colin McCorpuodale's latest postcard?
a. Good fishing
b. A beautiful view
c. A beautiful postcard.
d. A small map of the world

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Colin McCorpuodale's job?
a. cheated
b. scolded
c. sacked.
d. scolded

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Colin McCorpuodale's favorite place?
a. gets a lot of pleasure from traveling and the planning for it
b. It is a beautiful place
c. it has a large map of the world.
d. It is a country with no European influence

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the photograph that I lost when it happened to my grandparents?
a. A special photo of his great grandparents in a silver frame
b. A small framed photograph of his great grandparents
c. A special photo in a silver frame.
d. A special photo of his grandparents

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to my possession when I lost this photograph?
a. He put the photo in a small bag and left it on a train.
b. He ran back to the train and left it on a train.
c. He ran back to the train but left it in the overhead luggage rack, too!
d. He lost the photo when he got off the train at Kings Cross Station

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did I find a silver photo frame?
a. by the date written on the back of the photo
b. by the date written on the back of the photo
c. in the middle and middle.
d. at the end

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the photo that I lost when i left my bag on train?
a. excited
b. sad
c. sad.
d. worried

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the City Council vote without opposition to?
a. West Hollywood's ban on fur products.
b. The ban on the sale of leather and hides.
c. The ban for the sale of leather products in West Hollywood, California!
d. The ban on the sale of fur goods by Marc Bekoff

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for a lack of animal rights?
a. animals and humans aren't supposed to share equal rights
b. animals are not responsible for killing fellow animals
c. animals have basic rights and humans don't like to protect themselves.
d. animals aren' s own rights

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why does the city council vote without opposition to ban sales of fur?
a. There is little distinction   between them.
b. They are not suitable for the public.
c. They are not good at selling fur products, but they are not fair to them!
d. They are too expensive and they are not good enough

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the City Council vote without?
a. Opposed.
b. Disappointed.
c. Disapproving and disappointed!
d. Disappointed

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Josh do when he was driving down a Chicago street?
a. he wanted to get help from the driver
b. he was driving down the street
c. he was watching for kids.
d. a brick hit the car's black side door

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the businessman who went down ten years ago?
a. Josh was a kind-hearted man.
b. Josh was a good-looking man.
c. Josh was a hardworking man and a poor man, too!
d. Josh was able to get along well with his brother

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Josh do when he thought he was going down the street?
a. trying to be more understanding seeing others in trouble
b. rushing out from between parked cars
c. watching for kids in the street.
d. trying to get rid of his car

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to the passenger plane that crashed on landing?
a. it hit a fuel storage tank
b. it crashed on the runway
c. it lost control of its plane.
d. it slid off the wet runway

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people died on the same day?
a. Two pilots killed in plane crashes in US
b. Two pilots in Brazil
c. One of the pilot's deaths.
d. Two pilots killed at an experimental air show

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people died in the crash?
a. 114 passengers on board were killed including an African
b. 170 passengers and 6 crew were aboard the Airbus A320.
c. The pilot was taken to Miami Valley Hospital for injuries in the crash, but the air show was canceled on Monday at that time of daytime."
d. The plane fell head first after takeoff from Douala

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to the plane?
a. whenthe Airbus A320 landed, it was likely to be raining heavily
b. the plane crashed on a runway of the Dayton International Airport
c. the plane collided in Wisconsin while landing.
d. The plane was killed by two single-engine war planes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is King's Cross Street?
a. Halifax Playhouse.
b. York Theatre Royal.
c. Grand Theatre Oxford Street, Leeds and The Headrow of London City Varieties in Yorkshire

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the date of the first night at the Varieties?
a. 430808
b. 223568
c. 365998.
d. 7:30 pm

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the person who wrote Groping for Words?
a. a writer
b. a dancer
c. an actor.
d. sa friend

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was one of the first great inventions that has made as much effect today?
a. the wheel
b. the camera
c. the electric light.
d. the radio

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the new material that came out in 1935?
a. Nylon.
b. The computer.
c. The radio in 1928, and jet planes of 1930."
d. The camera

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has changed the way we live?
a. how inventions affect people's life
b. how people live a better life
c. what people have done in the past.
d. how we can make more money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the first great invention that changed our lives?
a. all of above
b. The wheel
c. Nylon.
d. The helicopter

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where did Everets say he was curious about the ideas in his letter?
a. Near the parking lot.
b. Near the school.
c. In a park in another town, and near the street itself."
d. At the back corner of the park

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Everetto think the town council would do?
a. provide money for a skateboard park
b. help build the ramps
c. make a skateboard park more popular.
d. give lessons to the community

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the community representative feel about the idea?
a. Receptive.
b. Optimistic.
c. Uninterested and worried about it's future?
d. Worried

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my mother and father think about the change of life?
a. fell in love with it
b. was a different person
c. was a silly bicycle accessory.
d. was a life lesson for her

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my mother and father do?
a. She was eager to have the basket.
b. She was a good friend.
c. She was very kind to her children and her husbands, too!
d. She wanted to make the basket look beautiful for her son's birthday party

Correct Options is a.
Question: What changed my life?
a. someone else had got a basket of the same kind
b. My mother had turned a bicycle accessory into a life lesson
c. My mother's basket was beautiful and colorful.
d. My brother's basket was decorated with flowers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the family spend on our house?
a. Earn your bread with your sweat
b. Make your own beds
c. Polish the legs of our coffee table.
d. Pay attention to the basket

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to learn how to deal with busy schedules in a controlled environment like high school?
a. usually doing better at school
b. having a job is a good way to save up for things you are going to need or want.
c. getting a lot more out of things they are going to need and want them done in the future."
d. Having fewer jobs makes teens feel stressed

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important factor in high school students?
a. Teens who have to be independent without any work experience.
b. Teens who have to work in college.
c. Teens with after-school jobs are more likely to work at home than those without a job for the first time or not, they will run into trouble later on and later that day."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do sports, drama, and organizations keep students busy during high school?
a. earn money to get what he wants
b. get money from his parents
c. find the money to do these things.
d. find the money for his school activities

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of organization does sports, drama, and a variety of organizations keep students busy during high school?
a. supportive
b. supportive
c. independent.
d. responsible

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Rebekah Rousi say more senior men directed themselves towards?
a. at the back
b. in the back
c. at the back of their cabins.
d. in the front

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do people watch the monitors?
a. Because they are too shy to make eye contact with others.
b. Because they are too shy to make eye contact with others.
c. Because they can't see other passengers in the elevators or mirrors at all, and they can' hardly watch them any more!
d. Because they have no sense of sight when they are in the elevator cabin

Correct Options is a.
Question: What country did most of the immigrants come from?
a. Europe
b. America
c. Australia.
d. South Africa

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people in the US migrated to the United States?
a. 4
b. 3
c. 4
d. 5

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for immigration?
a. economic opportunity
b. the desire for better land
c. the desire to a good job.
d. the lack of fast, safe and cheap transportation

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are animals that live in groups especially likely to do?
a. following certain rules
b. hunting and raising their young
c. chasing the captive elephants.
d. letting its leader catch up

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Bekoff say humans have a code of ethics?
a. Because they can make an easier living in that way.
b. Because they can do what they want to.
c. Because they can be kind and friendly in that way, too!
d. Because they can make a living by themselves

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Marc Bekoff say humans do?
a. some animals also have a code of ethics like human beings
b. animals have a code of ethics like human beings
c. humans haven't a code for ethics.
d. humans don'T do anything but play with humans

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do scientists say animals have a code of ethics?
a. Animals will follow certain rules in their group like humans.
b. Animals will be forced to live alone.
c. Animals will have a harder time hunting and raising their young in groups than humans do with them, too!
d. Animals will not follow rules like humans or elephants when they are in groups

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are the two types of soft drinks that have lots of sugar and caffeine?
a. Carbonated and fruit juice.
b. Energy and bottled water.
c. Mineral water, purified water or distilled water in them!
d. Drinking hot drinks with lots of vitamins

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of drinks have caffeine and things that make people get excited in them?
a. Energy drinks.
b. Soft drinks.
c. Drinking soft beverages, and drinking water in them!
d. Drinking hot air

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a drink that takes away your thirst?
a. they can put back minerals you've lost in sweat
b. they can make you fat
c. they can make you fat and hungry.
d. they can make you feel tired

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name for "party drinks"?
a. tell us how to choose a good one from all kinds of drinks
b. tell us how to drink drinks from different kinds of beverages
c. tell us how to drink a good one in a hot summer day.
d. tell us how to drink a kind of drinks with lots of vitamins and minerals

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the business teacher teach her about selling clothes?
a. Zoe didn' t know how to make money
b. Zoe was a good girl
c. Zoe was a great businessman.
d. Zoe was very clever

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the reason for Zoe's first dress to be sold?
a. could hardly believe it
b. was too expensive
c. was too expensive to make.
d. was too small

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Zoe do when she was 19?
a. to make efforts to achieve their dreams
b. to make money
c. to buy clothes from her school.
d. to take part in a contest for teenaged entrepreneurs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Zoe do to make her successful?
a. A poor girl achieved success in business.
b. She made a lot of money.
c. Her business teacher asked her to buy clothes from them in class, too!
d. She wanted to make a profit by selling the clothes she designed

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best thing you do when in Aruba?
a. need to reserve a beachside palapa
b. have a relaxing stay
c. have a relaxing holiday in Aruba.
d. have a relaxing vacation

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did he do to make his trip to Aruba?
a. He swam in the sea.
b. He swam in the sun.
c. He swam on the beach and enjoyed cool drinks at night, too!
d. He swam with his girlfriend Barbara

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the man say to me?
a. To return her wallet.
b. To walk home.
c. To go to the streetcar seat for breakfast and bread at night."
d. To take a bus in her small room with hog plate

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the man say was wrong?
a. Never judge people by their appearance.
b. Never walk in the street.
c. Always walk with hog plates at home, too!
d. Never walk alone and walk far away from home

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do South Korean students only sleep for three to four hours a day?
a. Many of the Senior 3 students can't have enough sleep.
b. They have to sleep for three hours a day.
c. They have to go to the library every day and stay long into the night at home, too!
d. They have to study very hard in order to realize their dreams

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many South Korean students take the college entrance exam?
a. 507, 520
b. 675,000
c. 107,000.
d. 675,000

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do South Korean students have to study hard?
a. they can succeed more easily in future
b. they can make their dreams come true
c. they have to go to the library for more work.
d. they have to study hard in order to realize their dream

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the interview that South Korean students have to do?
a. they will be interviewed
b. they will be interviewed
c. they will be asked to do so.
d. they will be asked to do it

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of children are fed by Narasimha Das?
a. school children
b. school children
c. school workers.
d. students

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why is Narasimha Das on his way?
a. Because they have to work to make money.
b. Because they have to go shopping.
c. Because they have to go home for lunch and dinner at school, too!
d. Because they have to go to school every day

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who runs the kitchen in Vrindaban?
a. It is run by Narasimha Das.
b. It is run by the Akshaya Patra Foundation.
c. Narasimha Das has a food truck at Gopalgarh Primary School, in India and abroad to feed children for free!
d. Narasimha das is the president of the AkShayan Patra Foundation

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did Lang's father quit his job?
a. In 1987
b. In 1999
c. At the age of 9.
d. After he was kicked out

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Lang's father do when he was 9?
a. To realize his dream
b. To get to Beijing
c. To learn the piano.
d. To do his first public recital

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the problem with Lang's father?
a. He had difficulty in making progress
b. He was not able to study the piano
c. His parents didn't like him at home.
d. He had no time for his son

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Taiwanesian fishing boats protest the "purchase" of part of the islands?
a. Because Japan announced to purchase China's Diaoyu Islands.
b. Because the islands were a destination for fishing.
c. Because the islands were not so beautiful as they had expected to return home on Wednesday morning, at noon in northeast Taiwan's Yilan county and have set sail by sea with them."
d. Because the islands were joined by other boats from different parts of China

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Taiwanesian fishing boats protest?
a. Japan's "purchase" has cast a shadow on China-Japan export and import.
b. The Japanese government has a plan to "purchase" part of the islands.
c. The Chinese government has made a plan for Japan's "purchase".
d. The Japanese government has been in trouble since 1952

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Taiwanesian fishing boats protest?
a. Japan's purchase of Diaoyu Islands aroused nationwide protest.
b. The Japanese government announced a plan to "purchase" part of the islands.
c. The Chinese government announced a plan to "purchase" part of the islands earlier this month in China and Japan's trade relations were back on track since 1952."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for a robbery?
a. Safety on the streets at nights.
b. The police's warning.
c. The police' s warning of the crime in London and Oxfordshire, too!
d. The police' alert to the police at night

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the stadium that has been attacked by robberies?
a. a stadium
b. a hotel
c. a shop.
d. a restaurant

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to do this?
a. Better give what you take to robbers when robbed of something.
b. Don't let robbers know what you are doing.
c. Don'T let robbers know how to get injured in the robberies of something by force and force it from your own home or on your own, too!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the site that has been robbed in East Oxford?
a. A university website.
b. A police station.
c. A hotel in the O2 and Regal Hotel,
d. A mobile phone

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my father never want to see?
a. He always faced danger while working.
b. He always walked past many DANGER signs.
c. His children often cried at the beach in his hometown of Ashtabula, Ohio and there was no place to go for dinner with him."
d. He always had a good time working as he was not afraid of his children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my father feel about him?
a. felt much puzzled
b. felt sad
c. felt worried.
d. felt disappointed

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my father never want to see?
a. get encouraged by her grandfather
b. see her grandfather
c. see his children in the public beach.
d. see her father's friend

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the eighth book that was published in November?
a. Toni Morrison and her novel Love
b. Song of Solomon
c. Jazzy and Love.
d. Song of Solomon

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the American born author who won a Nobel Prize for literature?
a. He was born in America.
b. He was born in America.
c. His wife died of a disease and illness, too!
d. He was born in America

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Love a multigenerational story?
a. concern families of more than one generation
b. tells the story of a black mother' love under slavery
c. tells the story about a black woman in freedom.
d. tells the story of romantic love

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the emotional center for Love?
a. the memories of five women about Bill Cosey
b. the family of five women about Bill Cosey
c. the life of five women on the East Coast.
d. the personal and communal Legacy of an outstanding black family

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the company that has been trying to raise prices for its products?
a. a bakery
b. a company
c. a company.
d. ten companies

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for Figaro's rise of prices?
a. they need their help in holding down prices
b. they are not able to afford the products
c. they have no choice but to buy bread at reasonable prices.
d. they needn't pay extra money for plastic bag service

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is needed to raise prices for its products?
a. to have the bread price raised to a certain level
b. to cancel the plastic bag service
c. to pay more money for its products.
d. to make the bread price lower

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the cost of a food product?
a. bread may end up as an article that many people can no longer afford
b. Bread is a food that many people can't afford
c. bread will be a good choice for everyone to buy.
d. Bread may not be a good choice but a good choice

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best and most effective way to prepare for ELA tests?
a. test preparation information that parents should know about
b. reading and writing training
c. reading, reading or reading.
d. learning how to read

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to prepare ELA test?
a. make it more convenient for the students to attend
b. make it easier for the students to read
c. make it easier and easier in tests.
d. make it more convenient for the students to read

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good reading and writing training?
a. the students can learn how to write well in the test preparation
b. the students can learn how to read well in the test preparation
c. the students can learn how to write easily at home.
d. the students can learn how to be a good reader

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best and most effective test preparation for ELA?
a. encourage their children to read more books fit for them
b. encourage their children to be both skillful and whole-hearted readers
c. help their children avoid conflicts with after-school activities.
d. discourage their children from spending too much time on books that are too hard or even a bit too hard

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best test preparation for ELA?
a. Test preparation helps students to be more interested in reading and confident.
b. Reading is the best way to build confidence.
c. Reading is not only important for successful test taking, but also builds comprehension skills and helps build confidence in reading

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Chinese create to show their intelligence?
a. tell the world that they were intelligent
b. show the world that they were clever
c. tell the world that they were clever.
d. show the world that they were clever

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for the computer viruses being infected?
a. be difficult to get rid of at present
b. be infected by the computer
c. be a problem for the Chinese people.
d. be made by young men

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Chinese scientists find was getting rid of?
a. all the information stored in the computers is gone
b. all the information stored in the computers is gone
c. all the information was lost by the computer viruses.
d. all the information stored in the computers has been destroyed

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Nick Vujicic' _ father'd like to do?
a. understands his mother very well
b. wants to get married
c. wants to make his mother independent.
d. wants to help the right girl

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of a man who has no arms or legs?
a. Nick Vujicic is serious about his marriage.
b. Nick Vujicic is a brave man.
c. Nick Vujicid is a good swimmer and a good athlete in his life, too!
d. Nick Vujici C has no arms or legs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did his father do when he was born?
a. Nick learned to be independent at a young age.
b. He was very brave.
c. His mother blamed him for his disability at a young age, and she didn't want to help Nick do anything right during pregnancy."
d. He wanted to get married because of the cruel trick

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the ideology that has been adopted by some people?
a. abolish war
b. prevent war
c. change mental habits.
d. end nuclear weapons

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who was the first woman to jump from a plane in 1913?
a. Tiny Broadwick.
b. Kathie Paulus.
c. Ronald Young, and his pilots in the air at night."
d. Kathila Paulus

Correct Options is a.
Question: When was skydive not called?
a. There were no skydiving schools until the late 1950s.
b. The Chinese were the first to parachute.
c. It was used by the military for a military action in 1914 and 1913, at that time of World War II."
d. There were no skydive schools until the late 1950s

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the German woman do at the end of 19th century?
a. Kathie Paulus is famous for her skydiving skills.
b. She was the first woman to jump from a plane.
c. The first person to parachute was Jacques Garnerin and did tricks on the way down in 1914, so she jumped off a place that would allow them to floatfrom a height to the ground at greater speeds."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name given to people who think it's a product?
a. The history of skydiving
b. The invention of skydiving
c. The use of parachuting.
d. The development of parachuting

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the teacher that asked him to do?
a. he had got a fairly high position in society
b. he had been given a high position in society
c. he had been given ten years of teaching.
d. he had been absorbed into his studies

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the teacher say was not a flatterer?
a. flattering them
b. absorbing them
c. smiling with him.
d. laughing at them

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who asked him how he would live among high officials?
a. his student
b. his teacher
c. the teacher's friend.
d. the teacher

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the student smile with on his hats?
a. stood up
b. cried
c. smiled.
d. laughed

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the student say about his teacher?
a. liked to be flattered as well
b. was very kind
c. was very kind to him.
d. was very helpful

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Oliver's favorite?
a. movie character
b. paper dolls
c. ice cream and chocolate.
d. movie art

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the benefit of the class?
a. The way of working with others.
b. The way of making movies.
c. The ways of solving problems in the movie theaters and films, too!
d. The ability to make a film with kids

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many pictures does a movie take to make?
a. 4500 pictures
b. 15 pictures
c. 900 frames.
d. 900 pictures

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of movie is Oliver's Organic Ice Cream?
a. Movie magic
b. Movies
c. Movie movies.
d. Movies

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of the school being moved?
a. to leave room for a new project
b. to make way for the new University Medical Center
c. to build a new school on foot.
d. to keep the building from being moved

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of the move?
a. it' s a chance for them to do something for the state
b. it' s a chance for them to do something new
c. it' t be able to save the state of Louisiana.
d. it is mainly intended for the city leaders

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did an old friend call from the airport?
a. to tell me about his arrival
b. to tell me about his arrival
c. to ask me for help.
d. to ask me to leave the office

Correct Options is a.
Question: What problem did my friend have when I asked him to find his house?
a. he hadn't found the key
b. he had not found the key
c. he had no room to go home.
d. he hadn't found the keys

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where did a friend call me to tell him that I had left the key under?
a. from my neighbor's house
b. from the airport
c. in my neighbor's house.
d. by the living room window

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the song that Richard gave birth to?
a. Sadness.
b. Love.
c. Love and love!
d. Love

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Bangkok city authorities ban?
a. Locals' willingness to take the tuk-tuks
b. The expensive tuk-tuks
c. The expensive tuk's over taxi.
d. The expensive tuk-tube buses

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the mayor of Bangkok do to lose their old buses?
a. Londoners fought for it
b. He wanted to sell them back
c. It was the best of their city.
d. He wanted to make it better

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Londoners feel was lost to their red double-decker buses?
a. old city transport symbols now face the problem of survival
b. the city's mayor was not able to bring them back
c. they were not interested in their travel.
d. they were not well-known for their old buses

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do people choose to wear popular brands?
a. less-known brands may offer the same quality as name brands
b. they are not as expensive and expensive.
c. they don't like to buy something because they are cheap or expensive."
d. they want to make money by buying things

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is the friend of Alex Allam?
a. Emmy & Alexandra.
b. Alex & Daniel Steinbrecher.
c. Edmund Williams and Jim Wilcox, 2011.
d. Daniel Steinbrecher

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some people think is a good value for brands?
a. They are not worth the price.
b. They are not cheap.
c. They are not expensive enough to buy things for them, and they are not cheap at all!
d. They are cheaper than cheaper brands

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some people think is worth the price?
a. whether expensive brands are worth high prices
b. whether expensive brands are worth high prices
c. whether cheap brands are worth high price.
d. whether designer brands are worth high prices

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the English word for laughter?
a. laughter is best medicine
b. laughter is good medicine
c. laughter can reduce pain.
d. laughter can reduce pain

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do doctors believe laughter can do?
a. in order to improve patients' health
b. to reduce pain
c. in order to reduce pain.
d. because of the effects of laughter on the body

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the new challenge of robot cars?
a. not only can understand the environment but also can react to it
b. can recognize another car and understand it is moving
c. can interact with it as it gets closer to the environment.
d. can understand the surroundings but also react to it

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the professor at Stanford University?
a. It was invented by Sebastian Thrun.
b. It is a new Volkswagen Passat.
c. It has been tested by the US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency for over 20 years."
d. It will be used to predict the future of robot-driven cars in 2030

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did one guy throw out?
a. a state in which we feel all safe and right with the world
b. a state where we are all comfortable with the world
c. a state in which we feel all safe and right to our own life.
d. a state in which we have all the things that are important for us

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the trainer say about his work?
a. If we move beyond the Comfort Zone, our anxiety level will go up.
b. We should learn to be a better person.
c. We should try our best not to make mistakes in the past, but we will do it again and then move out of the Comfort Zone."
d. We should keep away from dangers or conflicts when we leave the Comfort Zone

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the trainer do?
a. To motivate us to step out for a better world.
b. To show us how to make friends.
c. To tell us how to draw a stickman inside the circle, and then learn something from him."
d. To encourage us to become a better person in the world

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do children sit in front of when they get home?
a. Those who often watch television.
b. Those who often go outside.
c. Those who often play sports and play games with their parents, too!
d. Those who often go to school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for children becoming overweight?
a. there are too many fast food shops around
b. they don't like to go outside
c. they are too busy with their daily life.
d. they have no exercise

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do parents want children to do when they are overweight?
a. give advice
b. go outside
c. play sports.
d. go to school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Chinese believe are not a major success in their education?
a. why China's education cultivates few world masters
b. why the US and China are not good at math or science.
c. why the basic education in China is still one of the best ones for the Chinese people to study well with them."
d. why students in China do better in math than science lessons

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some Chinese educationists believe is a problem with?
a. all the educationists in China cast doubts in the country's educational system.
b. The basic education in China is still one of the best.
c. American teachers have set a good example to students' interest at primary and middle school, but not on their own interests there now."
d. Chinese teachers encourage students to focus on their strong points

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Chinese teachers blame China's stress on examination?
a. apply more attention to quality education referring to systems of other countries
b. <pad>.the US students did better in math and science lessons than the US pupils <sep>.The US teachers didn't give a positive answer to the basic education at primary school or middle schools of China because of its political tendency."
c. 

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Albert Einstein's biggest role in the invention of atomic bomb?
a. They were not as influential as Einstein.
b. They were not as powerful.
c. They were not as important to Einstein's work than physicistSzilard and Eugene Wigner in the past, too!
d. They were not as influential as Einstein at all

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Einstein's greatest role in the invention of atomic bomb?
a. signing the letter to Roosevelt
b. recommending that the bomb be built
c. writing to President Roosevelt.
d. urging that the bomb be built

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Einstein's greatest role in?
a. contributed to the invention of atomic bomb
b. a war service in Germany
c. a war between Hitler and Nazis.
d. a war with Germany

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Albert Einstein's first major role in the invention?
a. e,c,a,f,d,b
b. e,c.
c. e;a-b&d's and e of the bombing."
d. e,c,a,f,d

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who wrote a letter to President Roosevelt asking for an atomic bomb?
a. Albert Einstein and the Atomic Bomb
b. Leo Szilard and Eugene Wigner
c. The Atomic Bomb in Japan.
d. Eugene Wigner

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the doctor say was a good thing about his dad?
a. The doctor's forceps.
b. The doctor' s exercise.
c. The doctor' s strength and strength, too!
d. The doctor' s strength

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the author achieve?
a. The author achieved a lot thanks to his father' s love.
b. The author achieved a lot thanks to his father's love.
c. The author achieved a lot because of his father' s love for him and his father, too!
d. The author achieved a lot through his father' s love

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of my dad's son?
a. remember his father
b. remember his father
c. remember him and he.
d. remember him

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Steve Jobs say about the Macintoshi?
a. It rejected one of its founders when he turned 30.
b. It was the best creation in its history.
c. It was released by Stanford University at 20 years old, and it was a great success for its founders' development."
d. It had been a successful animation studio since 2005

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Steve Jobs say was a part of?
a. faith
b. love
c. friendship.
d. interest

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the problem with cell phones?
a. Cell phones get life and work mixed.
b. Cell phones are not able to make people happy.
c. Cell phones are not suitable for working women and men in their daily life, too!
d. Cell phones are not enough for working women's work time

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the study that found that cell phones are opening more lines for stressful exchanges?
a. Objective
b. Objective
c. Uncertain.
d. Unconcerned

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the person who greeted me at Dream School?
a. He was full of joy.
b. He was a world-class writer.
c. He was a famous student of the university, and his parents were very poor at all times in life!
d. He was not as good as his first choice for college students

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of attitude did the president of Dream School say about my students?
a. supportive
b. irritated
c. worried.
d. doubtful

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the president of Dream School say was a good choice for?
a. Your second-choice college may actually by your best fit.
b. You may be a world-class writer.
c. Your first choice is not as good or solid schools for you to choose from!
d. You may be able to afford free food at any future events on campus

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many taxes are there in the United States?
a. the three levels of government
b. the two levels of government
c. the three types.
d. the three levels of state

Correct Options is a.
Question: What percentage of his income is in the United States?
a. 28% of his income.
b. 8% of his income.
c. 7% from his income and 26% in the state government's tax rate,
d. 5% of his income

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the US government say is a good thing?
a. Different levels of the governments have different types of taxes in the United States.
b. The government has the worst taxes in the world.
c. The tax rate is lower than that of the federal government and higher level for all states, except New York orCalifornia's state incomesteuer!
d. The United States has the most taxes since it is the lowest one

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the percentage of income tax in New York,California, or any other state?
a. Excise tax.
b. Sales tax.
c. Income taxes and sales tax,which is collected on vehicles in a city."
d. Income tax but not income

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do people often say are the two things that a person can be sure of?
a. unhappy about their taxes
b. unhappy about their taxes
c. worried that they are not working well.
d. angry at their government

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the man say to be his best?
a. he could then become the greatest archer
b. he could become the greatest archer
c. he could be the greatest archer of the country.
d. he could become the greatest archer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a person do when they shot an arrow?
a. The young archer set off to look for the old man's master.
b. The young archer hid behind a tree.
c. The young archers took a small piece of wood and threw it away to kill the old man's master,ntting him with wood on his shoulder."
d. The young arched into the forest for three years

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the king say was his greatest archer?
a. There's always someone better than you in this world.
b. The king was the greatest archer of the country.
c. The arrows are always the best in this world, and they are always the same as you do at once."
d. The chess is the most important archer to the king'

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the film that aims to kill time?
a. recommend several films for fun
b. tell the story of Andy
c. make friends with Red and his wife.
d. show the importance of life

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the movie that focuses on life?
a. Away We Go
b. Life is Beautiful
c. A Black Comedy and a Best Medicine.
d. The Story of Andy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the film that has been named Life is Beautiful?
a. Red and Andy got reunited happily.
b. The film is a black comedy.
c. The film is based on the story of a banker who murdered his wife and his wife's lover in prison, while Andy was killed by war at that time!
d. The film is starring Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did some early men invented?
a. sounds
b. signs
c. letters.
d. words

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do people who are not able to do?
a. those practicing yoga want to seek peace in the hard times
b. those practicing yoga want to be more active
c. those practicing yoga want to have a rest in their mind and body.
d. those practicing yoga want to take care of multiple needs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has happened to the yoga instructors?
a. Meditation classes have been added to attract customers.
b. They have been hired to teach yoga.
c. They have a lot of friends in the fitness centers and yoga works well for their clients' needs."
d. They have added classes every year

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do the people who live normally in Louise Ball's bed have?
a. The victims usually sleep for days or weeks at a time.
b. The victims usually have a long time to sleep.
c. They usually have a short time of sleeping in bed for months or months at a time, with normal energy levels and normal sleep patterns on average."

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do some people think about her sleeping?
a. some people don't believe in the truth of Louisa's symptoms.
b. Louisa's parents don't know the cause of her illness.
c. Louisa' s parents are not sure about the cause and how to cure it for them all by herself, too!
d. Louise's mother is very angry with her because she has no time in bed at that time

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the girl who has Sleeping Beauty Sickness?
a. Louisa is fond of dancing.
b. Louisa is a British girl.
c. Louisa's parents are not sure about the cause of it, or how to cure them?
d. Louise has a rare condition called Sleeping Beauty Sickness

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the rare condition that causes Sleeping Beauty Sickness?
a. Rare Illness Turns a Girl into a "Sleeping Beauty"
b. It's a kind of cold
c. The girl is a girl with flulike symptoms.
d. It'll be caused by the girl'Sleeping Beauty

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the key requirement for successful pickpocket?
a. having nifty fingers
b. having a working knowledge of the loopholes in our brain
c. having a working knowledge about the loophole.
d. having nifty fingers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way that a good trickster can use the trick to against you?
a. signs reminding people of pickpockets can play a negative role in protecting valuables
b. stealing money from your purse is the most important thing in our brains
c. a person who is a good pickpocket can help you to find a good one.
d. a person who is a good pickpocket has a working knowledge of the loopholes in his brain

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do street pickpockets use to make a situation that is not multitasking?
a. Pickpockets concerning new technology
b. Pickpockets in the world
c. Pickpockets on the Internet.
d. Pickpockets with nifty fingers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one reason that makes me more satisfied with your store?
a. offers good customer service
b. offers a variety of products
c. has fewer items to carry.
d. is more popular in the grocery store

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Regent Brand Chili Seasoning?
a. a regular customer of the store
b. a leading brand
c. mainly for the grocery store.
d. a popular brand in the supermarket

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for a person being asked to do their best?
a. Why it's not necessarily wise to announce your personal goals to others.
b. Why it's not necessary to tell your personal goals.
c. Because you can't be satisfied with your personal goals now and then again, at all!
d. Because you have to do the actual hard work required by psychologists

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for people being more motivated to do hard work?
a. you make yourself believe that you are close to achieving them
b. you feel that it's already done
c. you feel that you are not satisfied with them.
d. you feel that you haven't done the actual hard work necessary

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for people not being satisfied with your goal?
a. Those who didn't tell others their goals were more likely to achieve them.
b. Those who didn't tell others their goals were more likely to achieve them.
c. Those who didn'T know the goal was already done by psychologists and scientists, so they are not satisfied with it now or then?

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most common question for hikers and campers?
a. how to survive a storm when camping
b. how to avoid lightening strikes
c. how to keep your car clean and dry.
d. what should you do if your car is far away from the woods

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to do this?
a. get into your car and return to your campsite
b. keep all of the windows and doors closed in your car
c. keep your campsite clean.
d. get in a safe position to avoid lightening

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important thing to do when you are camping?
a. Lightening is a danger for campers.
b. You can drive your car.
c. You can get in a safe position to avoid lightening strikes and flash flood conditions, or you'll have to go camping safely!
d. You can keep all of the windows and doors closed by yourself

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do healthy relationships help you understand?
a. different kinds of people and occasions
b. different kinds of people and occasions
c. different kinds of people.
d. different kinds of people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important part of a healthy relationship between two people?
a. disagree and quarrel with each other
b. share your feelings with each other
c. trust that he or she will be there to listen and support you.
d. keep calm when talking about how we feel

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one thing that you can do to help you understand who they are?
a. all of the above
b. Respect and Trust
c. Talking calmly helps you to understand your feelings.
d. Working through disagreements makes the relationship stronger

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important part of a healthy relationship between two people?
a. You like to talk to someone and listen to him or her.
b. You like to share your feelings with the other person.
c. You like to talk and listen to others in a way that is good for you or your family members' lives, too!
d. You want to know what interests you are when you are young

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important part of a healthy relationship between two people?
a. mutual respect and trust lead to strong relationships
b. communication and sharing are fun
c. you can find out what your common interests is.
d. you can share your feelings with the other person

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the other name for quantum computing?
a. Less valuable.
b. More powerful.
c. More powerful than the quickest computers do today?
d. More powerful and less powerful

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the way quantum computing and nanotechnology can do what modern supercomputers are unable to do?
a. will work by using transistors
b. will be incorporated into everyday objects
c. will be a box that is used only for specific purposes.
d. will be able to take on many states at the same time

Correct Options is a.
Question: What could be a big difference in the face of computing?
a. create much smaller computers
b. make computers run faster
c. use transistors to take on many states at the same time.
d. use more computers for specific purposes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can you make guesses about?
a. what the future of the computer is
b. what the future of the computer is
c. how the computers are developed.
d. why the technology is developing rapidly

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason scientists have found gold?
a. Gold in trees can lead to hidden deposits.
b. Gold in trees is not found on the leaves.
c. The amount of gold particles can be detected by drilling them into a tree's branches and trunked ones, too!
d. Gold in trees is not found at the surface or through exploratory drilling

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the plant that found gold in its leaves?
a. The tree.
b. The ore.
c. The twigs and bark of the trees, but not gold in its leaves!
d. The plant that found gold on the leaves

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of mining is the Australian synchrotron?
a. Expensive.
b. Expensive.
c. Exciting, and expensive to do in the future."
d. Unbelievable

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the Australian synchrotron provide us with to find more difficult deposits?
a. is confident of the plant-analyzing method
b. is a vast machine
c. is able to find the precious metal in trees.
d. is unable to find the valuable metal

Correct Options is a.
Question: When do people not think about their eyes very often?
a. even if we can see well
b. when we can see well
c. if we can see clearly.
d. when we can see perfectly

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of people can only see things that are close to their eyes?
a. near-sighted
b. blind
c. short-sighted.
d. long-sighted

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is having two good eyes important for?
a. judging distances
b. detecting the objects
c. removing cataracts.
d. removing the object

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do people who don't see clearly?
a. eyes that are not exactly the right shape
b. eyes that are very close to their eyes
c. eyes which are very blurry.
d. eyes with a lot of work

Correct Options is a.
Question: Did Shaw and Churchill share a similar story?
a. Churchill did not have any friend.
b. Churchill didn't like each other.
c. Churchill didn' t like the cards at all, too!
d. Churchil didn'd have any friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Shaw do with Winston Churchill?
a. He didn't want to take Shaw's insult .
b. He didn't want to take Shaw offended.
c. He didn' he wanted to make friends with him at all, too!
d. He was not sure whether Shaw sent the tickets for the second night of his plays

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are some medical reports about?
a. sitting for too long leads to increased health risks
b. standing desks are more comfortable and energized
c. standing desks are more comfortable than sitting.
d. standing desks are more important for people to be healthy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to the Japanese mainland in 1945?
a. The birth and use of the atomic bomb ended the Second World War.
b. The atomic bomb was destroyed by Nazi Germany.
c. The atomic bomb was destroyed in the desert area of Honshu, New Mexico and Japan's homeland there were no more than 15,000 tons TNT on it now!
d. The nuclear bomb was carried from Tinian Island to Hiroshima

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did scientists learn about experiments in Germany showing?
a. the possibility of atomic power from Nazi Germany
b. the danger of Nazi Germany's advances in development.
c. the threat of Nazi Germany to Japan and America."
d. the potential of atomic power from Nazi Germany

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the response of the Allies to Potoma?
a. Not being content with Japan's reply.
b. Not being able to control Japan.
c. Not being satisfied with the U.S. response in 1945, and not responding quickly enough at all!
d. Not being pleased about the Japanese response from Truman

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people were killed in the atomic bomb?
a. Between 105,000 and 120,000 people.
b. Between 35,000 and 40,000 people.
c. About 120,000 to 70,000 persons, in addition of 80,000 others' deaths!
d. Over 70,000-10,000 people were injured by the explosion

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do universities want to see as a result of their popularity?
a. They prefer higher education competition.
b. They are unable to find the right name.
c. They want to change their names in the future and then become more popular with students."
d. They have no interest in higher education competition

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the new name for the New School?
a. the concept of marketing
b. the name of a college
c. the name for a college.
d. the name of a college

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the New Yorker's name change in 1997 mean?
a. put forward
b. reflected
c. expressed.
d. analyzed

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the new name of the New School for Social Research?
a. hopes to expand its influence
b. is a college with many majors
c. has a history of over 10 years.
d. has been a popular university for 10 years

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did not all efforts at name changes happen?
a. turned out very successful
b. were very successful
c. were very successful.
d. were not successful

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Webster think Americans should use to learn English?
a. dropping "u" in all the British words
b. changing "centre" into "center".
c. spelling words more like they sounded.
d. adding local words to the dictionary

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did Webster complete his 70,000 word dictionary?
a. In 1800.
b. In 1828.
c. After the Revolutionary War in 2008.
d. Before he was born

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Webster believe Americans should use their own dictionary?
a. Because he wanted American English to have its own characteristics.
b. Because he wanted to make American identity stronger.
c. Because he wanted to help Americans learn English by spelling words more like they were sounding, and so on in the Revolutionary War!
d. Because he wanted to get American English to be popular with all people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Webster's dictionary?
a. Meaningful
b. Optimistic
c. Unreasonable.
d. Unreasonable

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Webster's dictionary?
a. The shaper of American English
b. The name of American English
c. The name for American English.
d. The name of American English

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can be a matter of life or death for blind people?
a. the locations of distant sounds
b. the way of hearing sounds
c. the direction from a sound.
d. the distance between the street and the cars

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a study that found blind people are better at locating sounds than people who can see?
a. Hearing Better in the Dark
b. Hearing Better in the Dark
c. Seeing Out and touching sounds that are close by.
d. Getting out of the dark with eyes closed

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the researchers say were better than those who lost their sight later?
a. Those who have gone blind since children.
b. Those who have been blind since childhood.
c. Those who have gone to school for work now and then, in the future."
d. Those who have lost their sight after age 16.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important part of finding distant sounds?
a. Whether to be able to locate the sounds can be of vital importance for the blind.
b. The blindfolded group performs better than the blind fold.
c. The blindfolded group performs better when they see cars coming, for instance in a street with a lot of noise from the side or back to the front and back together at once."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good way to avoid accidents?
a. introduce the topic of the passage
b. take some exercise
c. go on trips with you.
d. make your body healthy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is going in a group safer than going alone?
a. People should never go out for activities alone.
b. People should go out for activities alone.
c. People should not go to faraway areas and never risk going into unknown waters, too!
d. People should leave a note of your travel route

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the event that students feel like?
a. Be Well Prepared for Outdoor Activities.
b. A Long Inactive Winter.
c. A Long inactive Summer and a Long Out of Time!
d. A Long Inactive winter

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mr.Philips and Miss Lund last see each other after losing contact with their son?
a. they have the same father
b. they have the same father
c. they have the same father.
d. they have the same father

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long did Miss Lund think she had been working in the same building?
a. 5 months
b. 5 months
c. 6 years.
d. 8 months

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many years ago did Miss Lund and his father last see each other?
a. About 23
b. About 20
c. More than 30.
d. Over 50

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the friends check to see if they were related?
a. The names of their parents
b. The names of their friends
c. The name and the address.
d. The number

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Roots & Shoot'd?
a. how we can change the world positively
b. how we can make a difference
c. how we can save money.
d. how we can help others

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the reason I'm not a food waster?
a. Seeing homeless dogs makes the author never waste food.
b. The author is a homeless dog.
c. The author is afraid to take leftover food for shelters in the street and garbage bin areas, too!
d. The author has no power when she sees homeless dogs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Dr. Jane Goodall do?
a. feed a homeless dog he met
b. feed a homeless dog
c. make a difference to his life.
d. help the homeless people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the program that I'm part of?
a. save wasted food for homeless dogs
b. Make a difference
c. Promote positive changes in the world.
d. Take leftover food to feed cats or dogs

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did the Fearless Trappe begin to sail?
a. prepare for breaking a record
b. fly across the Atlantic
c. fly over a cluster of balloons.
d. fly at a distance between 18,000 and 25,000 feet

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long does the journey of Fearless Trappe fly?
a. 2500 miles
b. 2,500 miles
c. 2500 kilometers.
d. 230 miles

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long is the journey to reach his dream destination?
a. How long it will take him
b. How long it will take him
c. Where is the journey?
d. Where is the journey going

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many balloons did the Fearless Trappe fly across?
a. Four
b. Three
c. Four.
d. Five

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many times did you want to baby-sit our children?
a. Cassy wrote to the Smiths twice
b. Casy wrote to the Smiths twice
c. The Smiths asked Cas Sy for help.
d. CasSida asked the Smiths for help

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the person who was asked to do?
a. Cassy won't get the job as a baby-sitter.
b. The Smiths will be a baby-sitter.
c. The Smiths' friends are very kind to Casy and happy with him, too!
d. The Smiths' friends are very friendly but they don't know how to do it

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of person is the Smiths?
a. Humorous.
b. Careless.
c. Careful and patient, too!
d. Careless

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of atmosphere does fire have?
a. nice
b. warm
c. warm.
d. warm

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happens when a fire is caused by the sand?
a. wet hay ---- begins to rot ---- gives out heat ---- starts to burn
b. a broken bottle is put in the car.
c. it bursts into flameSnow and burntes itself, so wet hay starts to rot or gives out heat for us all."
d. farmers cut and store their hay when it's dry

Correct Options is a.
Question: How are big fires caused?
a. by people's carelessness
b. by people's carelessness
c. because of the cigarette.
d. from the fire

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many days did Moscow's fire begin?
a. Three
b. Two
c. Four.
d. Six

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the reasons for this fire?
a. Fires cause less damage in the country than in the city .
b. Farmers cut and store their hay when it's dry.
c. The cigarette is the most important of all fire-fighting methods in the country, but not by man itself at that time hinwegtehnbarrooster than on winter nights

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the problem with some of Amy's writing?
a. her schoolmates cannot understand her disability
b. her schoolmates are too busy to talk
c. her schoolmates don't like the way she walk and run.
d. her schoolmates have no time for her to talk

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the envelopes of all sizes address?
a. he had to send letters to Amy daily
b. he had to send letters for Amy
c. he had to send greetings and words of encouragement.
d. he had to send letters from strangers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Lee Tobin's job?
a. the news media played an important role in helping Amy
b. the local newspaper was a good place to talk with Amy
c. the local newspapers were very helpful in helping Amy.
d. the local newspaper was not as important as Amy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Amy do when she was a regular at Hagadorn house?
a. to call on the public to treat everyone properly
b. to ask the public to help others
c. to show her kindness and kindness.
d. to tell the local newspaper about the story of Amy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to the British economy in Britons?
a. Britain's economy was experiencing a great development
b. Britain's economy was getting worse
c. British people were getting worse in the past.
d. Britain'S economy was getting worse than other countries

Correct Options is a.
Question: What country has the lowest rate of shop theft in Europe?
a. Switzerland
b. Britain
c. Germany.
d. Britain

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the biggest issue in British shops?
a. Britain's social problem of shop theft came from varieties of sides
b. Britain's crime rate is higher than other countries
c. British shops are more likely to record theft cases.
d. British shops are more likely to record theft

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is happening to British stores?
a. Shoplifting is becoming serious, especially in Britain.
b. Shoplifting is becoming more and more serious in Britain.
c. Shoplifting is becoming more and more serious, especially in Britain."
d. Shoplifting is becoming more and more serious than other countries

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is important about being an involved dad?
a. the father's role in the growth and development of children
b. the father's role in the children and their family
c. the parents who care for them.
d. the mother of the child

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main difference between good father and child?
a. fathers have an important influence on their children from infancy through adulthood
b. Good fathers are a unique person who educates children in his own style.
c. Fathers have something in common with their children and they are good at teaching them to do better than others'!
d. The difference between good fathers and child is the same as that of other people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a positive factor for fathers?
a. the good fate of their children
b. the ability to develop children's language abilities
c. their own way of teaching them.
d. a good relationship with their parents

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are the two main things that Singaporeans do when they meet?
a. customs and social manners
b. business cards and phone calls
c. Rank,so meetings are fast-paced.
d. social manners

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do people avoid disagreeing with in meetings?
a. They are supposed to obey the person of a higher rank.
b. They are supposed to be greeted with their titles.
c. They are supposed to have business meals at restaurants and hotels in the UAE,sagents or cities of America for free!
d. They are supposed to hold business meals on weekends

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important thing in a Brazilian business?
a. When meeting the host alone.
b. When meeting the host.
c. When rushing a meal in Brazil,he is on time and safe to be on time."
d. When chatting with the host at night

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where do people often meet in Brazil?
a. In Switzerland.
b. In Singapore.
c. At the United Arab Emirates in Dubai,sagents and UAE's at home."
d. In Singapore

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the goal of volunteering?
a. make good preparation in advance
b. make friends with others
c. get more money from the organization.
d. Make a plan for the project

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is an example of a great need in other parts?
a. change a person's opinion of the world
b. build something and walk away
c. build something as a team.
d. spend time with the people of the community

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do you feel about volunteering?
a. What prepares you to become a volunteer.
b. What makes you feel.
c. What makes you happy and happy in life!
d. What makes you think of yourself, your neighbors or your world quite differently

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to learn?
a. should be combined with practice
b. should be taken action
c. must be taken steps to achieve a goal.
d. should be taken steps in advance

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to learn?
a. our experiences
b. our goals
c. our expectations.
d. our plans

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important part of a goal?
a. the more we want to explore
b. the more we want to learn
c. the more we want our baby's knowledge and skills.
d. the more we want to learn

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to learn?
a. To support a conclusion.
b. To make a plan.
c. To take action and learn from the results you have gathered, to achieve goals!
d. To get past the fear of not being perfect

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do children need to know about fire safety?
a. Stop, drop and roll without delay
b. Stop, drop and roll
c. Run around quickly.
d. Turn wildly

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason children should never play with lighters or matches?
a. Stay away and find another way out.
b. Play with lighters or matches.
c. Try to use fire drill for safety and safety in the house of children under five years old!
d. Play with lighters, match games but not with them

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a fire that can cause you to be safe?
a. Hide them from the children.
b. Stop them from playing with lighters.
c. Use a fire drill to practice your evacuation plan in an emergency situation, and they don't have to waste time thinking when he is a fire begins?
d. Make sure that you know exactly what is required of them

Correct Options is a.
Question: What site uses the information that will increase your learning performance?
a. a website
b. a newspaper <sep>.an advertisement
c. a magazine

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the cell state layer?
a. to have enough food and water
b. to have enough food and water
c. to have enough food or water.
d. to have enough food

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main benefit of using this site?
a. many other techniques on learning are introduced.
b. You can learn faster if your cells, body and mind are in good condition.
c. You can improve your memory by using the information on learning process at any time of day or night!
d. You can get better results from other techniques on learning

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the word "punctum"?
a. exclamation and question marks came from Latin
b. the Latin word"io".
c. the Latin word "questia",meaning"question."
d. the Latin word"io"

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the event that a comet is heading towards Earth?
a. An event of imagination
b. A kind of earthquake
c. An event with a large hole.
d. An event in the atmosphere

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is created in the sea bed?
a. huge waves
b. a wall of water
c. a huge hole.
d. a huge explosion

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why is the sun in the southern half of Earth destroyed?
a. Because the light and heat from the sun can not reach the earth .
b. Because the earth is not covered with dust.
c. Because the earth has no water to live in

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the two languages that we have in Shanghai Super Star?
a. Its interpreters and translators are all English majors.
b. Its translators are all English major.
c. It is the only one of its translators and translators in China, with a strong sense for language barrier to the world's language system."
d. It offers both professional and experienced business interpreters/translators as well as tour guides

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the company that provides translation and tourism services?
a. Shanghai Super Star enjoys a good reputation among customers
b. Shanghai Super Star is a company with more than 5 years' experience
c. The company has the same experience as other companies.
d. Shanghai Super Star is a business company that provides services for foreign tourists

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Monique Udell do when they tested dogs?
a. It made them a little more devoted to the task
b. It encouraged them to try their best
c. It encouraged them not to paw or teat the box.
d. It encouraged them to keep trying to open the boxes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did wolves do when they were not present?
a. Wolves beat dogs in problem-solving tests
b. Wolves paw or teat the box more than they did
c. Wolves paw and teat the box much less.
d. Wolves paw or teat the box

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the climber do to reach Everest?
a. realize part of his goal
b. climb five peaks
c. climb the highest peak in Antarctica.
d. pick up Vinson Massif

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where is Vinson Massif located?
a. Antarctica
b. Nepal
c. China.
d. Nepal

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the country that Romero was able to do?
a. China allows climbers of any age to climb Mt. Everest.
b. Nepal is the only country to climb Mount Everest.
c. The team of Apa Shepa set off from Kathmandu last month for a visit in China and India on Saturdays, at least 16.
d. Nepal has no age restrictions when climbing Mt. Everet

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the team that Romero climbed with?
a. is supported by his father
b. is a Nepali man
c. is the youngest person to climb Mount Everest.
d. is a mountain climbing team

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the age of 13?
a. California teen becomes youngest to climb Mt. Everest.
b. Nepali teen becomes youngest to climb Mount Everest.
c. Nepali man is the youngest person who climbs Mt. Everest on Saturday,

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where was the homeless man standing?
a. In front of a building.
b. In the street.
c. At the restaurant in the street, and there was a dog on his way home from Houston to Texas!
d. On the street outside the store

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the homeless man buy food with?
a. The dog and her pups were in danger of dying from hunger.
b. The dog was very clean.
c. The dog and her pups were very poor in the store, too!
d. The dog was not as pretty but clean as most dogs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the homeless person buy in front of us?
a. The homeless man bought food for a dog with all his money.
b. The homeless man bought food for a dog.
c. The homeless man bought food to buy something warm and drink it in the restaurant!
d. The homeless man bought food for he bought a dog with all his money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the homeless man do to help her?
a. Things are not always what they seem.
b. She was hungry and weak.
c. She was not as clean or pretty than most dogs, but she still deserved better!
d. She was not as good as most dogs in the world

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the homeless man who bought dog food with all money?
a. The Homeless Person
b. The Dog Owner
c. The Homeless Person.
d. The Good Shepherd

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the area that has plenty of options for New Yorkers?
a. people who want to attend Earth Day events in the Catskill regions6t----
b. people who want to attend Earth Day events in the Catskill region
c. those who want to attend Earth Day Events at Frost Valley.
d. those who want to attend Earth Day Celebrations

Correct Options is a.
Question: How much does the price of the Earth Day Celebrations cost?
a. 30 dollars
b. 30 dollars
c. 20 dollars.
d. 30 dollars.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the ticket to the Earth Day event?
a. (607) 286-7721s6t----
b. (845) 985-2291
c. (518) 829-7516.
d. (845) 985-2291

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the place that hosts Earth Day celebrations?
a. Schoharie Crossing State Historic Site.s6t----
b. Frost Valley.s6t----
c. Trail Work Days 6.ief, a beautiful park in Graftoon Lakes State Park!'Sixties

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the e-hyper world where thank you cards are often used?
a. The Internet has reduced our chances of getting together
b. We have to obey the rules of etiquette
c. We have to pay more attention when we use them.
d. We have to pay less for the gifts and services

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for a person's appreciation of thank-you cards?
a. modern technology is driving people apart
b. people are not able to read them
c. the Internet is a good way of communicating with others.
d. it is important for people to know how to use them

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of thank-you cards?
a. To remind people to express heartfelt thanks.
b. To remind people to obey e-mails.
c. To show people how to communicate with others in the future, and for the future of the Internet."
d. To encourage people to read handwritten thank-you notes at any time during the year

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the term for nostalgia?
a. homesickness may cause mental diseases
b. homesickness is a feeling shared by many adults
c. nostalgia can resist loneliness, boredom and anxiety.
d. homesickness is mainly caused by depression

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of attitude does nostalgia have?
a. supportive
b. negative
c. positive.
d. ambiguous

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the term that explains how people feel about homesickness?
a. Let's embrace homesickness
b. Feelings are more enjoyable
c. People's feelings of homesickness.
d. People' s feelings about homeickness

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are some of the things that can be done when you get older?
a. you have many responsibilities and complete independence
b. you have a full head of hair
c. you have fewer chances to recover from mistakes.
d. you have a world of opportunity in front of you

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the mistake that can be made while you're younger?
a. I was an army brat, I always bounced a lot when I was young
b. I was a good student, but I didn't like to be old
c. I was a poor teacher and always bounced around.
d. I was an army brace when I was young

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one thing that can be done when a child is older?
a. There are certain mistakes that are much better made while you're still young and have plenty of time to recover.
b. It's a part of life and we learn from it.
c. You spend more money than you should have on tv, or you didnT try as hard in school to get a job at home for free now!

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long does it take to rebuild your car?
a. it usually takes 7-10 years to rebuild one's credit if it is broken for any reason
b. it usually takes 7-10 years to rebuild one's credit
c. it usually takes 7-12 years for rebuilding one' s credit.
d. it usually takes 7-11 years to rebuild one' his credit

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the things that can be made when you're younger?
a. if you are to take risks, the earlier, the better
b. you have a full head of hair.
c. you have fewer time to recover from mistakes than before in life and we learn more quickly at that age."
d. you can find out what you want to do when you are younger

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the Xiamen conference?
a. The passage doesn't mention it.
b. It was organized by the Chinese mainland.
c. The tunnel will be completed in 2015.
d. The tunnel will be completed for 2015-2020

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who co-sponsored the tunnel?
a. Universities both at home and abroad have sponsored   the plan.
b. The Chinese mainland and Taiwan have sponsored the plan.
c. The Chinese mainland has sponsored the plan for it in Fujian Province, China or Japan."
d. The tunnel will be completed until 2015-2020

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a special feature of huge projects?
a. the preparation takes longer time than the construction
b. the preparation takes longer time than the construction
c. the preparation takes longer to complete.
d. the preparation takes longer time

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of the tunnel?
a. Improving the relationship between Taiwan and the mainland.
b. Providing direct passenger access between Taiwan and the mainland.
c. Developing more political relations across the Straits in the future, too!
d. Creating new bridges for the three Gorges Dam on the Yangtze River

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mark feel about his life?
a. felt sorry for him
b. felt sad
c. felt sorry for him.
d. felt happy

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Mark end his life?
a. Because he realized he was not abandoned by the world .
b. Because he was too tired to live in the rainy night.
c. because he was too tired and wanted to live there again, so he was too busy with his life now hinwegteasing him away from home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mark's words mean?
a. Sympathetic and nice.
b. Curious and sad.
c. Unforgettable but hardworking,
d. Worried and happy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mark' pity do to his face?
a. Love Saves All
b. He cried
c. He was so angry that nobody cared.
d. He was too tired to get a better look

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do Americans travel to Australia?
a. As a result of high unemployment in the U.S.
b. Because of the economic boom in the U.S and Australia
c. As a result of the growing population growth at home."
d. Because of the rising demand for jobs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason that Australians are looking to work?
a. for skilled workers in some fields
b. for the poor in some fields
c. to get a permit from their employers.
d. for the mining state's unemployment rate

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Daniel Davila make an hour of?
a. it is possible for foreigners to earn more money in Australia than in their own countries
b. he is a bricklaying student from Silver Trowel
c. he is a leading provider of quality education and training in the building industry.
d. he is a contractor who works on constructing projects

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where do you have to not lift your soup plate to the mouth?
a. England
b. Japan
c. Mexico.
d. Ukraine

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Japan show that it is not a bad thing?
a. you like the food
b. you drink it
c. you drink the food.
d. you drink it

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is impolite when you are in the Arab world?
a. In Arab countries you should eat with your right hand.
b. In Arab countries you should eat with your left hand.
c. You should eat in Arabic and in Britain, but not in Britain or Mexico all the time!
d. In Ukraine you should start eating first; you should wait for all the other people to start eating

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do you avoid making mistakes in other countries?
a. By giving examples.
b. By making faces.
c. By saying "please" and "thank you".
d. By watching the host

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most difficult part of being supportive and understanding?
a. one who lives with a depressed person
b. one who is depressed
c. one who is a family member.
d. one who is too shy to be a person

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can a friend do?
a. be of no help to the depressed person
b. be a good listener
c. be a good listener.
d. take the depressed person to hospital

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between being supportive and being overly protective?
a. I had a similar experience.And it might help you.
b. I have a similar experience. And it might help me to feel better and more comfortable
c. I have had the same experience with you,and it may help me do something like that."
d. I have been very depressed for a long time

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the hotel that has been built around trees?
a. It can catch any other animal in the forest.
b. It is a hotel in the middle of the forest.
c. It shows the pleasure of Africa, and it is very small for the guests to visit there at night."
d. It has been built around trees by people all over the world

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happens to you when you visit the hotel?
a. will be protected by a guide in the forest
b. will be sent into the heart of the forest
c. will be sent to the treetops by bus.
d. will be sent into the wood

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one reason that rainforests have a great impact?
a. reduce the effect of heat from the sun on the earth
b. reduce the temperature of the sun
c. adjust the climate to the environment.
d. reduce the amount of carbon dioxide in the air

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the world' racial store?
a. there is great medicine potential in rainforests
b. there is no forest cover in rainforests
c. there is no forest covering around the world.
d. there is no need for people to cut down trees

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are two reasons that affect people' lands?
a. Rainforests and the Environment
b. The Environment and the Wind
c. The Environment,the Rainforests.
d. The Forest Cover

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened in 2011 on Norway?
a. Utoya Island used to be a youth camp site and now has been reduced to total silence.
b. The world first heard of a small island in Norway.
c. A heavily armed extremist shot at random on Utoyan Island and began to shoot people there for the first time now, they have been cut off by it's hard-working as well!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best value for your vacation dollar?
a. a family who plan a holiday
b. a family who enjoys the Polynesian culture
c. if you want to enjoy some beautiful scenery.
d. a trip that is worth a lot of money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best option for those who want a shorter visit to Polynesian Cultural Center?
a. The Twilight Package--Ambassador's Fine Dining
b. Prime Rib & Seafood Dinner
c. The Gateway Buffet Package.
d. The Ambassador Luau Package

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the way that the 7 Polynesian Islands share their culture?
a. songs and dances
b. food
c. food and drinks.
d. food

Correct Options is a.
Question: What event is offered at the Gateway Restaurant?
a. The Horizons Night Show may be of special interest to tourists.
b. The Ambassador Luau Package is a fun activity for all ages.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the three villages that are located in the Polynesian Cultural Center?
a. Three.
b. Two.
c. Four, and four."
d. Five

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the philosophy of dealing with social network?
a. He can get on well with others.
b. He can be a good friend.
c. He can make himself comfortable with others' opinions, too!
d. He can get on well with others

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the song express?
a. The song expresses her feelings.
b. The song expresses her feelings.
c. The song expresses her feelings and opinions to others, too!
d. The song expressed her views on social network

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does she do?
a. She shows a positive attitude to her relationship with others.
b. She is a good friend of her own.
c. She is a close friend to her friends in China and abroad, too!
d. She is very careful about her relationship with others

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of person would never leave her alone whenever she's in need?
a. lonely
b. honest
c. confident.
d. frightened

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my dad do when they were gone?
a. he was working while studying
b. he was driving to school
c. he was going to work for college.
d. he was going to work in the pubs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the author say was important?
a. The writer had not formed his fundamental values and principles.
b. The writer had made no payment at all.
c. The writer had not made any payments before the agreement was reached with his parents and friends in Chicago, Illinois or San Diego for a long time."
d. The writer had been a truck driver since the Depression

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my dad say to me when he was twenty-one?
a. firm but forgiving
b. a little nervous and nervous
c. A little nervous but angry.
d. Unforgettable, honest

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my dad say was not important?
a. his father's long-lasting influence
b. his father's physical presence
c. his father' s good language.
d. his father' the hard work

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Tabor do to help leadville?
a. His wise decisions helped him achieve goals.
b. He helped lead the mines.
c. His money was lost in his own way of mining himself and others'money."
d. He bought a lot of silver for his investment

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did he do when he opened his store?
a. the city had brought great fortune to Tabor
b. He was a teacher in Vermont
c. The city had brought Tabor wealth.
d. He bought the Matchless Mine

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who did Elizabeth McCourt have?
a. Tabor's second wife.
b. A school teacher.
c. A miner in Colorado, and a friend of Tabor's!
d. A friend who helped Tabour find gold

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the keys to budget?
a. Spending money within the limit you have set.
b. Spending money on someone you were going to spend.
c. Buying gifts from the heart for your family and friends, too!
d. Making coupons that can be traded for your services

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way to get money from the heart?
a. Drawing pictures for them
b. Making coupons for them
c. Doing dishes with them.
d. Buying gifts from the heart

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the first tip of Money Savvey Generation?
a. How to make plans for giving presents.
b. How to make a list.
c. How to write down names of people you want to give gifts, and how much to spend on it?
d. How to buy gifts from the heart

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of organization did Melissa Poe write to the President?
a. a club of environmental protection
b. a charity
c. praising the President's efforts.
d. a group of volunteers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Melissa Poe do to help make the campaign?
a. She got positive responses for her efforts.
b. She wrote a letter to President Bush.
c. She was invited by six children in the world for the Earth Summit, and gave a Caring Award at that time!
d. She set up Kids For A Cleaner Environment

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the project that Kids F.A.C.E. has planted over 1 million trees?
a. started to protect wildlife
b. created a new park
c. started to help kids in need.
d. started to make children lazy

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where was the face wanted?
a. in Chicago
b. in the west
c. at the window.
d. on a train

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the man in the west do to change his arm?
a. had a different nose from his friend's
b. had a different nose from his friend's
c. was a good man to be an old lady.
d. was a poor man with fewer eyes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the two things that a man from the west stopped to draw back his arm?
a. both A and B
b. The name of the two things
c. The name and the name for both.
d. The name of the two things

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long did Bob's hand last?
a. had an appointment with Bob 20 years ago
b. had an appointment with Bob 20 years ago
c. was a long time for him to read.
d. had an appointment with Bob twenty years ago

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to avoid being out of date?
a. Going out for dating with a stranger.
b. Getting in touch with a stranger.
c. Being calm and clear when out for dating, you should think ahead of ways to be safe at any time!
d. Being confident about your decreased ability to react under the influence of alcohol or drugs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do you want to do if the person is not in control of it?
a. tell your date what you are thinking
b. tell your date what you are doing
c. tell your date what you are thinking.
d. let your date know that it is dangerous

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way to avoid being out of the relationship?
a. Safety measures for teen dating
b. Alcohol or drugs
c. Alcohol and drugs.
d. Alcohols, drugs

Correct Options is a.
Question: How old was Margery when he and his wife were together?
a. 34 years old
b. 60 years old
c. 88years-old.
d. 88 years old

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did John Hannant say was the last time Margery had been missing?
a. Jack now has a son and a daughter.
b. Jack wrote to the paper.
c. Jack had been searching for a long time and was still in hospital with his wife's illness, but never got the letter from him again."
d. Jack has found his nephew, niece and six grandnieces

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the word "Which" mean?
a. WHT refers to a newspaper.
b. WHT refers to a letter.
c. WHT means "Which" and/or "wheat".
d. WHT is a word used in a newspaper

Correct Options is a.
Question: What concept of traffic is catching on?
a. Car Free Day pushes"green"transport
b. Car Free Day is a good way to reduce emissions
c. Car Free Day is a great achievement.
d. Car Free Day is the first and honest step in facing the serious traffic problems

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do people believe is the first and honest step in?
a. facing more serious traffic problems
b. reducing emissions
c. saving 33 million liters of gasoline.
d. encouraging more people to contribute to the protection of the environment

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the positive reaction to World Car Free Day?
a. Positive.
b. Negative.
c. Negativ, and uninterested in it!
d. Unconcerned

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to the tiger at Cologne Zoo?
a. Tiger Escaped,Killed a Keeper in German Zoo
b. The zoologist was killed by the Tiger
c. It attacked the keeper with a rifle.
d. It was shot through sand in Germany

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to the tiger at Cologne Zoo?
a. A gate was not closed appropriately.
b. The zoologist was not in charge of the incident.
c. A SWAT team was called into Cologne Zoo to kill it, according to Kirchner's report on its website and reports about it at noon now or later that day!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to a Siberian tiger?
a. They called off the latenight opening.
b. They attacked the keeper.
c. They shot Hanya through sand on it's way to prison in Germany, according to police officials."
d. They killed a 43-yearold female keeper at Cologne Zoo

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for the killing of tiger?
a. It keeps a large variety of species.
b. It escaped its enclosure.
c. It attacked the keeper by shooting it through a skylight with a rifle and guning them in an animal park, according to Kirchner's report of police officials."

Correct Options is a.
Question: How much does Mary Masterman's invention cost?
a. Teen wins $100,000 science scholarship.
b. Teen wins $100,000 science scholarship.
c. Teen gets $1,000 in science scholarships for her inventions and lenses, as well as aluminum tubing or a camera to look for explosives

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the reasons for Mary Masterman' invention?
a. the spectrograph she invents costs much less as well as its high quality
b. it can measure wave lengths and is used in astronomy
c. it can help determine how old an art work is through its powder.
d. it can be used as a sensing equipment to look for explosives or drugs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mary Masterman do?
a. Masterman was sure to win before the contest.
b. She was sure to win the contest.
c. She was sure to win before the contest, and Masterman won it in a short time."
d. She was sure to win at the contest

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long will the Indian elephant be treated after walking on roads?
a. month's
b. month's
c. year.
d. year

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of shows are provided to the Indian elephants?
a. giving performances
b. walking
c. living on leaves and bananas.
d. relaxing

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good way to treat elephants?
a. make them get ready for the coming work.
b. make them feel healthy.
c. make them feel strong and happy in the future!
d. make them feel good at their daily diet

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main difference between men and women in Greece's health records?
a. tell readers what the passage focuses on
b. tell readers how to live longer
c. tell readers what the passage is about.
d. tell readers how to live long

Correct Options is a.
Question: At what point do people living in the mountains have lower risk of heart disease than those closer to sea level?
a. from higher altitude
b. from low-lying areas
c. in low-lying area.
d. after a fifteen year follow-up

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long did researchers study the death rate of Greeks in Greece?
a. About 15 years.
b. About 15 years.
c. About 1,000 years, and about 20 months later."
d. About 30 years

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many years did researchers study the death rate of Greeks in Greece?
a. five
b. five
c. six.
d. eight

Correct Options is a.
Question: How are the sounds of Silbo Gomera made?
a. is spoken by whistling
b. are made by a whistler
c. is spoken in the untrained ears.
d. is spoken on La Gomeran Island

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of BusuU.com?
a. teaches it on the Internet
b. is a website for the Internet
c. is based in Madrid.
d. is a website designed by local people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the organization that has taken on the task of saving Silbo Gomera?
a. Web company helps to save an ancient language.
b. Busu.com is a website in Madrid,
c. The language used on La Gomero Island has been changed by African setters since the beginning of Africa and America now."
d. Bususu.com is based in Madrid to promote learning languages

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are small pieces of?
a. matter from outer space
b. meteoroids
c. meteorites and the earth's atmosphere.
d. meteoroids

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a meteorite?
a. fewer craters than the moon
b. a small piece of matter from outer space
c. a "shooting star" or "falling star".
d. a large area of forest in Tunguska, Siberia

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the meteoroids that are not stars?
a. meteorites landed and changed the climate
b. meteoroids are small pieces of matter from outer space
c. stars that burn up as they enter the Earth's atmosphere.
d. meteoroids which burn up when a meteoroid is burning up

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a meteor?
a. the light we see when meteoroids hit our atmosphere
b. the light we see when a meteoroid is burning up
c. the light that we see before it hits our atmosphere.
d. the light which we see in the sky

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Benny do to help him?
a. performed in a show for the sailors
b. played the violin
c. played a joke with the sailors.
d. played the violin in he's father

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did Benny speak about his personality?
a. often referred to his appearance
b. often referred to his appearance
c. always claimed to be 39 years old.
d. seldom made jokes that hurt others

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Jack Benny's career?
a. He did a good job in show business.
b. He was a good comedian.
c. He was a poor boy in his school life, and he was a poor man of his age."
d. He was a very rich man with all the qualities

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can you apply for?
a. hunt the animals without the permit
b. drive 70 mph on the highway
c. leave your gun behind in Mexico.
d. go hunting with the police

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Mexico have?
a. The police in Mexicohave right to keep the drivers' license
b. The police in Mexicohave a gun permit
c. The policemen are allowed to drive on the lower side of Mexico.
d. The drivers can't drive 70 mph at any speed

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the police enforce?
a. limit their car speed
b. keep their driver's license
c. make them drive 70 mph.
d. stop the traffic on the lower side

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are different countries that regulate speed?
a. Different countries have different regulations.
b. Different countries have different regulations.
c. Different countries have different rules and laws, but not all the countries are very strict with them."
d. Different countries have different regulations

Correct Options is a.
Question: How much do cookies cost each or 5 for $1 Brownies?
a. 25 cents.
b. 50 cents.
c. 50 cents, and $30.00!
d. 50 cents

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many brownies does the band have?
a. 5 cookies.
b. 5 cookies.
c. 3 brownies and 1 cupcake!
d. 4 cakes, 2 cake

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the average price of a West High School Bake Sale?
a. $16.50.
b. $16.50.
c. $20.00, and $2.55.
d. $3.00

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the amount of cake by the slice?
a. $8.25
b. $1.25
c. $20.00
d. $3.00

Correct Options is a.
Question: What magazine does AL Hotel have a job for you as?
a. newspaper
b. newspaper
c. news report.
d. science fiction

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the phone number for you to take food care of?
a. 766588
b. 556779
c. HELPWANTED.
d. 633800

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the job for you?
a. Waiters
b. Writers
c. Reporters.
d. Children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the goal of skiing?
a. we can still learn to be more creative
b. we can learn to be more creative
c. we can learn to make a living.
d. we can learn to get more money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important part of a technique that helps people at work think about solving problems?
a. you have every resource to achieve your goal
b. you have a lot of time to solve your problem
c. you have more time and money than others.
d. you have as much time/space/money,etc.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do most people believe they dont have imagination?
a. what are my customers' needs
b. what is my goal?
c. how to find a job.
d. where to find a good job

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason Lin's basketball career began to take off?
a. Hard work brings success.
b. He is the only ChineseAmerican NBA player.
c. His father moved to U.S. and his interest in the sport grew quickly,whereas he was offered a sports scholarship at the age of five,000.
d. He has become the most famous basketball players since he graduated from Harvard University

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Lin' father do to his son?
a. Following Dreams and Finding Joy
b. Getting a Star and Achieving Success
c. Making Friends with the NBA Players.
d. Learning to Be Famous

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the reason for deciding to fight?
a. Claressa had some trouble persuading her father.
b. Claressa was too mad to fight.
c. Clarsa didn't want to be beaten by her father at all!
d. Claersa had no money for her fight

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did her dad say she wanted to do?
a. Claressa's promising boxing career
b. The fight with Claressa
c. The fight against a two-time US champion.
d. The fight for the title of outstanding fighter

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Grace's condition?
a. troublesome
b. ill
c. serious.
d. blind

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did Grace's sister work?
a. By practicing the principles sought by herself.
b. By educating herself.
c. By educating her sons about their eyesight and learning them from others' viewpointses."
d. By educating her son on the importance of driving license

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to Mary when she met her friend?
a. she was robbed, but she fooled the robber
b. She was robbed, but she fooled the robber.
c. She was robbed and robbed by the robber at night."
d. She was robbed of her necklace with the collar of her overcoat

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many hours did Mary go out of the night?
a. was over at two
b. was over at one
c. lasted for two hours.
d. was over three

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mary do when a robber disappeared?
a. she would rather have the necklace lost
b. she would rather have the earrings stolen
c. she would rather have the necklace taken away.
d. she would rather have the earrings stolen

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of man did Mary take off her necklace?
a. clever and brave
b. brave and brave
c. clever but hardworking.
d. brave

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a hero's description?
a. he does ordinary things that he wants to do for families.
b. he is a person who puts others before himself.
c. he has a deep belief in his faith and wants to go without it, too!
d. he does ordinary things that he wants to do for his family

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a person who puts others before himself?
a. can be ordinary people
b. can be heroes
c. can be heroes.
d. can be heroes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Artie Shaw's nickname?
a. a man with a great dream
b. a man with a great desire
c. he was a man who was poor.
d. if he wanted to be a professional musician

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Artie Shaw do when he left home?
a. began playing in bands across the United States
b. began to play the clarinet
c. started working as a professional musician.
d. began to study at school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Artie Shaw do when he left Chicago?
a. he showed a growing interest in jazz music
b. he became a professional musician
c. he was given ten awards and honors for his music.
d. he wrote stories about music at colleges

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Artie Shaw's passion for jazz?
a. almost stopped playing music
b. was very popular
c. was very popular with the crowd.
d. was very popular in Chicago

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of a young musician who wanted to play his clarinet better than anyone?
a. Artie Shaw's Music Life
b. Artie Shaw's Music
c. Artie Shaw and Louis Armstrong.
d. Artie Shaw, a Professional musician

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the goal of the music clubhouse?
a. Learning to get help from nonprofit groups.
b. Getting the support of the community.
c. Developing music education programs in underserved communities, and improving their music skills."
d. Providing kids with private music lessons

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the organization that focuses on music?
a. An organizer of the club.
b. A music teacher.
c. An artist in the clubhouse, and a musician at home."
d. The Berklee College of Music

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Javon Martin say was cool about?
a. An introduction of a music club for children.
b. A new way of performing.
c. A chance to be in a studio and see how he is made."
d. A good performance by Akheylah Hunter

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the lesson Javon Martin played with?
a. Giving private music lessons.
b. Performing in different places.
c. Making friends with the band and musicians."
d. Getting support from the community

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has recent scientific studies shown that plants do?
a. communicate with other living things in a chemical way
b. communicate with other living things in a chemical way
c. communicate with other living things by themselves.
d. communicate with other living things through chemicals

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the chemical language that plants use?
a. give off nice chemicals to attract friendly insects killing the pest
b. make plants move through the air easier to be changeable
c. make plants respond to the attack by changing their chemistry.
d. make plants respond to the attack with chemicals that are easy to be changeable

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a plant that can communicate with giant bacteria?
a. Plants Can Talk
b. Plants Can Talk
c. Plants can Communicate with each other.
d. Plants Can Talk

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the new policy that aims to reduce waste in Edinburgh?
a. recyeling
b. tecycling
c. tecycling.
d. tecycling

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the new policy that regulates how waster is to be disposed of?
a. meets the EU requirements
b. is a waste of money
c. is an inereasing challenge for the city countil.
d. is a waste of about 250,000 million tons

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the city's waste plan?
a. the local poodle was waist it
b. the local poodle was waist it
c. the local poodle was waistit.
d. the local poodle was waist

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the idea of building lage incinerator plant to burn half of the waste produced in their districts?
a. To set up a plan for burning waste
b. To make a plan for the city's waste disposal
c. To build an Edinburgh and Midlothian council.
d. To set up a waste site near Dunbar

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the new diet for digester eggs?
a. To change food scraps into gas.
b. To make methane.
c. To heat homes and make electricity for the plant's owners, too!
d. To keep warm in 98 degrees every day

Correct Options is a.
Question: How much waste does the Newtown Creek Wastewater Treatment Plan have?
a. It has too much amount of waste.
b. It has too much waste.
c. It has too much waste to deal with in the future, and it will be a waste of money for people's health care system!
d. It has too many waste-watering facilities

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of the Newtown Creek Wastewater Treatment Plan?
a. To find good places for the factories.
b. To make the plant's crown jewel.
c. To help the people in New York City grow more plants and digesters to handle waste, or even a landfill project."
d. To find out how to deal with the waste from the landfill

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of attitude does Jimmy Pynner have?
a. humorous
b. positive
c. doubtful.
d. tolerant

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the magazine that includes an onscreen personalized message?
a. a magazine
b. a book
c. p.ms1u'

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is responsible for the teacher and reading of the book?
a. parents
b. teachers
c. students.
d. teachers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the computer show the student how many questions he/she answered correctly?
a. Students take the quiz without others' arrangements.
b. The teacher and the parent are responsible for reading the screen.
c. The teacher is responsible to read the quiz at their own pace, as well as other data before taking the quiz itself or herself!
d. The student must have thoroughly read and understood the contents of the quiz

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the goal of the AR quiz?
a. students only have one chance to test on a book
b. students can read the book at their own pace
c. students can be praised by the teachers and the parent.
d. students can have a good time to test on a book

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of an example of an idea that you should not ignore?
a. Taking Time Off
b. Applying to schools
c. Making Plans for MCAT exams.
d. Applying to schools

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to start college?
a. taking a year off to pause and regroup
b. applying to schools
c. making plans for medical school.
d. applying to the university

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important thing that you can do to get college?
a. You'll earn much money by taking on a full-time job.
b. You'll have to apply for a full-time job.
c. You'll be responsible for your own schedules and schedule of work at college, too!
d. You'll get some money from volunteering organizations

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good way to keep yourself healthy?
a. washing your pet in the bathtub
b. washing your pet's hands
c. cleaning your pet litter boxes.
d. bringing your pet to the hospital

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to keep pets healthy?
a. Giving your cat cooked fish.
b. Washing your hands.
c. Keeping your pet clean and fresh water to drink at all times, or even before you wash them up in the bathtub of your pet's bathed by others!
d. Taking in your cat raw meat because it can cause serious illness

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a group that can help you keep your pet healthy?
a. call an animal rescue group
b. call a food group
c. call an animal sheltergruppe.
d. call an exercise group

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of athlete did Jenny never compete in?
a. a different kind of athlete
b. a different kind of athlete
c. he or she was a cheerleader.
d. honed by the coach

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of her favorite sport?
a. Jenny's inspiring action.
b. The football team.
c. The football game in the school system, and her friends' help!
d. The football match with the coach

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Jenny do when she was seven?
a. was positive about her life and achieved a lot
b. was very happy and fought hard.
c. was very proud of her achievements in the sport, but she didn't care about it at all."
d. was not interested in sports or sports

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was a great thing about her hearing loss?
a. Jenny did service work on the school football team
b. She was a cheerleader
c. Jenny was very active in sports.
d. She was not allowed to play football

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of a girl who never competed in sport?
a. Jenny's parent
b. Jenny's friend
c. Jenny and her friends.
d. Jenny, a beautiful girl with warm brown eyes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the cause of UNICEF's report?
a. many children are suffering from ill-treatment and neglect
b. 1.2 million children are illegally traded all over the world
c. 1.2 million children are illegally traded in the world every year.
d. many children are forced into inhuman labor and denied basic education

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did the United Nations declare 2010 as the International Year of Youth?
a. 2004
b. 2004
c. 2010.
d. 2005

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for the World Tour?
a. children who know little about their rights are easily cheated
b. 1.2 million children are illegally traded all over the world
c. 1.2 million children are illegally traded in the world every year.
d. 1.2 million children are forced into labor, denied basic education and robbed of their childhoods

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did the United Nations declare 2010 as a World Tour?
a. has reached different areas and people
b. has reached tens of thousands.
c. has reached tens of thousand students and officials, educators or religious leaders."
d. has reached tens of millions of people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of detention?
a. talk about giving students who are doing poorly a second  chance to redo the work
b. give students extra credit work
c. give students a chance to do the work out of sheer laziness.
d. give students extra credit works because they are not doing well

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why is there such an achievement gap between urban and suburban students?
a. if he failed the first time in spite of his efforts
b. if he failed the first time in spite of his efforts
c. because he did poorly at school.
d. because he didn't understand an assignment

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Shakespeare do with his sister?
a. She was cared for but was expected to live a girl's life.
b. She was a good student and was very clever.
c. She was a great teacher but was not a good pupil at all, too!
d. She was a successful actor who was a successful actor in London

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Shakespeare's sister do?
a. She was caught between her ideal and the reality.
b. She was a teacher of English.
c. She was a teacher in the grammar school, and she was a teacher at home for her son's work."
d. She was a teacher who taught her how to read books on the boards

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Shakespeare's sister?
a. women couldn't possibly act on the stage or write plays
b. she was a successful actor
c. she was an heiress in the grammar school.
d. she was a good student at grammar and logic

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are some of PSY's special dance moves?
a. They like the dance moves and the horse riding style.
b. They like the dance moves and the funny horse riding style.
c. They are the most popular song in the history of the Internet, but they don't understand the language well enough to sing it on the Internet now or then."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the song "Gangnam style" do?
a. They wanted people to support them.
b. They wanted to make a song.
c. They wanted to show their love for them in South Korea, too!
d. They wanted to attract more people from South Korea

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the song sing about?
a. The rich life of people of Gangnam in Seoul.
b. The famous songs of South Korean stars.
c. The popular music in South Korea, so it is popular with people from South Korea and America."
d. The great popularity of the Internet

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most popular music in South Korea?
a. "Gangnam Styly" ---- Most people's favorite Music
b. "Because You Are My Woman".
c. "Gangnam Style" ---- Music of the World.
d. "Because You Are My Woman."

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who did the Boston earthquake shock?
a. John Winthrop was a scientist
b. Winthrop was a scientist
c. Winthrope's grandfather.
d. The grandfather clock

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Winthrop using for safekeeping?
a. the glass tubes
b. the clock
c. the pendulum.
d. the key

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Winthrop's clock stop?
a. he thought it safe for them to be put there
b. he was using them for an experiment
c. he wanted to use the long glass tubes.
d. he wanted to put them into the case

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the group that has spoken Araki?
a. To deal with the threat of language death.
b. To make the Catawba popular.
c. To help to make Native American music popular in Africa and South Carolina,
d. To learn the native language of the Pacific Ocean

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the language that people have been speaking for?
a. Widely spoken languages.
b. Catawba.
c. Chinese, Spanish and Hindi are powerful languages in the world now."
d. The catawbe tribe is a native language of the Pacific Ocean

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did he do when he was in his native language?
a. He used to visit the Catawba reservation often.
b. He was a native speaker of the Catane.
c. He was a native speaker in the Catawba reservation, and learned it very well at that time."
d. He was a member of the Smithsonian Institution

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was George Bernard Shaw's answer to the question?
a. a friend who is ill
b. a friend who is in hospital
c. if you are walking on both legs.
d. unless you are in hospital

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was George Bernard Shaw's answer to a question?
a. not be bothered
b. be patient
c. be patient and friendly.
d. be patient

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one question I can't understand?
a. cleverness
b. patience
c. courage.
d. humor

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the biggest difference between business and management?
a. it was harder for foreign students to get permission to study in the USA
b. it was easier for foreign students to choose history and language study
c. it was harder for foreign students to choose history or language studies in the USA.
d. it was easier for foreign students to choose history and language study

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the leading area of study in the USA?
a. Business and management.
b. Engineering and history.
c. History, engineering or English study in the USA!
d. History & language studies

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the biggest area of study for foreign students?
a. now foreign students are encouraged to study in the USA
b. business and management
c. engineering.
d. the number of foreign students in other countries

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the top five schools in New York?
a. Education.
b. Business.
c. Management and engineering in the USA,
d. Engineering

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the locust tree do?
a. that held first, then released
b. that was growing outside the window
c. which had been there for a long time.
d. that had been growing in full glory

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did it mean when I smelted my office window?
a. When the first spring came, everything was green except the locust tree
b. The locust tree was growing outside the window
c. It had been there for a long time.
d. The locustic tree blocked the view and made the office seem dull

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the green leaves do to make me feel like I was a good person?
a. cherish what you've owned
b. take photos
c. take photos of the locust tree.
d. find unexpected joy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did I usually do when I came to office early?
a. to enjoy the dew
b. to take photos
c. to see the locust tree blossoming.
d. to find the hidden beauty

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Alan MacKenzie's example of violence?
a. lead into the topic of the passage
b. prove the content of games is wrong
c. prove that video games are harmless for us.
d. prove that playing video games can be good to our health

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Alan MacKenzie's job?
a. Sunyan worked well with his teammates
b. He was a safety adviser
c. He was a computer game maker.
d. He was an Internet security adviser

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the government take to stabilize China's economy?
a. there would be a shortage of salt on the market
b. there would be a nuclear fallout
c. there would be a nuclear plumes in China.
d. there would be a nuclear crisis

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did local authorities do in order for them to be prepared?
a. Authorities urged state-owned salt companies to increase the supply.
b. Authorities urged state-owned salt companies to increase the supply.
c. They urged states to buy more food for them in China and Japan, too!
d. The government urged state-owned salt companies to increase the supply

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the government take to stabilize China's market?
a. To make people b elieve that the supply of salt is enough.
b. To make people b elieve that the supply of salt is enough.
c. to warn people of the dangers caused by nuclear radiation spreading from Japan and China, too!
d. To encourage people to buy more than iodized salt in China

Correct Options is a.
Question: What were the thoughts of the old lady in a lift?
a. her lunch and rest
b. her shopping
c. her basket and the doorman.
d. her friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to her room doors after a regular practice?
a. she had shut the door herself
b. she had turned the door in her locks
c. she had turned both keys into locks.
d. she had gone shopping

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did her writing desk see?
a. she saw the living room was out of order
b. she saw the doorman locked in her house
c. she saw the doorman's help.
d. she saw the doorman' s help

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the first thought of the old lady?
a. look around the rooms for the thieves
b. go to the police station
c. ask her daily maid for help.
d. call the police

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the advantages that most private schools offer?
a. send their children to private high schools
b. offer their children more attention
c. teach students more different subjects than usual.
d. help their children prepare for college

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main advantage of a private high school?
a. have wide knowledge
b. have a large class
c. have many other languages to choose from.
d. have more students in each class

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the only way we can remember that our lives are alive?
a. squandering   a precious opportunity on a daily basis
b. squandering the richness of the moment
c. squeezing about future worries on time.
d. squandering the wealth in the present

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a passage that we have to do in order for us to be alive?
a. complete agreement
b. a gift
c. a diploma.
d. an agreement

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of Passage 2?
a. see as worth much effort to acquire
b. be a good holiday
c. be more important than to live in the present.
d. be more important for poets

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the only time we need to be alive?
a. an unavoidable imposition
b. a good time
c. ten years for a diploma.
d. a change of pace

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a passage that we have to open ourselves?
a. "the feast before us" (line 2)
b. "the feast before us"
c. "the feast in the present moment".
d. "the feast on our own,"

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Ted do when he left Vancouver?
a. Driving less.
b. Getting up early.
c. Working at night, and got up late in the morning."
d. Having dinner with Deanna

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Ted's trip last?
a. He wanted more people to know more about his opinion.
b. He wanted to make more money.
c. He wanted to have a good rest in his hometown of Vancouver, and he wanted to get a better life with his family members."
d. He wanted people to know more about his experience than his friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the timetable of Ted's trip difficult?
a. Getting up very early.
b. Getting up early.
c. Working at night and getting up late in the morning, as usual."
d. Having to sleep for six hours with Deanna

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Ted do when he was up at six?
a. They got married during their trip.
b. They got married.
c. They got married in the morning and evening at night, to sleep for six hours with his family members."
d. They got married on their way back home

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do you know a dog is very alert?
a. by reading books about dogs
b. by reading books about dogs
c. in the library for books on dogs.
d. by talking to children

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why are dogs very small and easy to train?
a. because it is powerful and friendly
b. because it is very friendly
c. Because it can be walked daily.
d. because it provides protection and companionship

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why is the dog popular nowadays?
a. The German shepherd never loses its popularity for it provides not only companionship but also protection.
b. It is very popular nowadays.
c. It can be a good choice for children to control and grow up quickly in the house, too easily with its weights on it's own!
d. The dog is not as powerful as the dogs are when they are walked daily

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason that a dog can be very large?
a. The care and proper selection of dogs for families.
b. The number of dogs in the family.
c. The size and weight for dogs to be controlled by children, too!
d. The importance of keeping dogs at home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of advertising is used in the Roman Empire?
a. Development of advertising
b. Advertising on a wall
c. Advertisement in magazines.
d. Advertisement of advertisements

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a nursery rhyme in which many adults remember?
a. Street crying
b. Wall painting
c. Ad for a play.
d. A freshwater bath

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of advertising?
a. To make their business known by public.
b. To make signs with pictures.
c. To show their tools to the public in the street and on a wall around a city, too!
d. To advertise on a national network for many people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to advertise?
a. they can be heard everywhere in a country
b. they are printed in newspapers
c. they can be seen on buses and taxis.
d. they can be seen everywhere

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the type of hotel that offers a stay you won't soon forget?
a. Do something exciting
b. Go out of the ordinary
c. Stay with a few guests.
d. Enjoy a wonderful breakfast

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is the dog lover?
a. the bird lovers
b. the guide
c. the visitors' guides.
d. the tourists

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the hotel that offers a stay you won't soon forget?
a. The Magic Mountain Hotel
b. Dog Bark Park Inn
c. The Poseidon Undersea Resort.
d. Sala Silvermine

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the hotel that offers a comfortable bed?
a. return to the ground after sleeping there.
b. The Poseidon Undersea Resort.
c. Dog Bark Park Inn,the world' smallest dog and its largest bird in the world!
d. The Poseidon Underseal Hotel is located near Cottonwood

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did I arrive on London?
a. it was still early for his bus and he couldn't find a place to sit at the bus station
b. he was too busy to go there.
c. he was too tired for the bus station and he couldn't find a place where he could sit at home or in the bus stop."
d. he was too late on his bus because he was too old

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Jim say the clock was on?
a. facing a mirror
b. standing on the wall
c. sitting in a chair.
d. sitting with his friend

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many times did the London bus stop?
a. twenty to twelve
b. five to twelve
c. eleven and twenty-five.
d. fifteen

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can a child say he is not?
a. do something uncool purposely
b. do something cool
c. act in ways that are opposite of cool on purpose.
d. act as a kind of sad person

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way a teacher can raise their popularity in school?
a. offering the child chances to show his good qualities
b. letting the child be a partner with that Child
c. inviting the other children to play games.
d. allowing the boy to join he in activities

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do parents encourage a child to do at home?
a. Inviting children's friends to family activities is good for them to make friends.
b. Helping a child feel better in school is not important.
c. Asking children to join a group that may be shutting him out of the house by themselves, or let them serve dishes they consider "super".
d. Encourageing children to make friends with others can help them build real friendships

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between a teacher and another person?
a. how to help an unpopular child
b. how to make friends
c. how to help an uncool child.
d. how to raise a popular child

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Jane regret about her homework?
a. before she goes to school
b. before she goes to school
c. when she is in the morning.
d. after she finishes her homework

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mr. Zimmerman do?
a. was not able to walk a long way
b. was not able to do her homework
c. was not able to finish the math at home.
d. was not able to walk on a cold morning

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long did she wait to deliver her papers?
a. it took about an hour for Jane to send the papers
b. It took Jane about an hour to finish the paper
c. it took Jane a long time for her papers.
d. It took Jane about an hour before she finished the paper

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did Jane feel about her morning papers?
a. usually Jane delivers papers by bike
b. she was tired of the cold morning
c. she was tired and tired on cold days.
d. she was tired when she was finished her homework

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the answer Jane had to make her rounds?
a. There's no Easy Answer
b. The Answer
c. The Answer of the Question.
d. The Answer is easy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of the robot suit?
a. the user should be equipped with other related units
b. the user should carry a backpack with a motor
c. the user should be forced to carry flex and flex.
d. the device should be designed for physically handicapped runners

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the Robot Suit HAL do?
a. It helps save physical strength.
b. It helps a person run faster.
c. It helps runners get more muscle power than unassisted ones, and it helps to keep fit for longer periods of time in the future!
d. It is designed for people who want to be more efficient

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for the device being designed?
a. may not sell as well as expected
b. is not suitable for the physically handicapped
c. is designed to help runners get more fitness benefits.
d. is designed for people who want to run in a better way

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the Robot Suit HAL stand for?
a. Its price.
b. Its weight.
c. Its safety lever and motorized knee itself, which is a special device for runners to wear in the future!
d. It'll be more expensive than other devices of the same size

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the science that designed the robot suit HAL?
a. Science.
b. Science.
c. Technology and technology,
d. Technology

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do scientists discover?
a. Isolated Amazon tribes are monitored with satellites.
b. The population density of isolated tribes is about 10 times greater.
c. The population densities of isolated villages are about 10 times higher than other Brazilian peoples, according toWalker's findings and results from the study in Live Science alone

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way scientists can monitor uncontacted tribes?
a. they could pass disease to the Indians
b. they could fly over their villages
c. they could fill the native peoples with fear.
d. they could find isolated vinages

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason scientists find that tribes have to be closer?
a. They live close together.
b. They are not good at clearing the forest.
c. They lack modern devices like chainsaws and tractors, they say in fact!
d. They have to move out because of their environment

Correct Options is a.
Question: What year did Dad retire?
a. Winter.
b. Summer.
c. Winter and winter,
d. Winter

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Dad's career?
a. lived with his family and did a better job
b. worked in the city centre
c. was a senior manager of he had been to.
d. worked as if he wanted to be a good manager

Correct Options is a.
Question: What caused the company to be damaged?
a. A quake in my town
b. A fire in my family's yard
c. A terrible ocean wave.
d. A tree on the ground

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason wineries offer organic varieties to lower their environmental impact?
a. causes less eco-footprint
b. reduces the cost of packaging
c. reduces the cost.
d. reduces the consumption

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the vacuum of boxed wine?
a. The special packaging makes it stay fresh longer once it's opened
b. The packaging is made of plastic bags.
c. It can be used in a cellar full of cardboard boxes and bottles for wine experts to drink it at fine-dining establishments."
d. The packaging is not suitable for traditionalists who like boxed wine

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the wine group that advocates switching away from glass bottles?
a. advocate using boxes to store wine k@s5u
b. advocate using plastic bags within a cardboard box
c. advocate using boxes to store wine.
d. advocate using plastic bags inside a cardboard box

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for violence in schools?
a. it can provide harmful information.
b. It can be censored.
c. it can make people feel more comfortable and happy, but not very dangerous to children!
d. it is the only way to express beliefs on the Internet

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the person who should be blamed for what their children ale doing on the internet?
a. Parents.
b. Parents.
c. Teachers and teachers,
d. Teachers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for children being protected by the internet?
a. Should the Internet be censored?
b. Should the Internet be censored?
c. Should the Internet be censored.
d. Should the internet be censored for children's safety

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Temar Boggs and his friends go to check out Jocelyn?
a. Because her daughter was missing.
b. Because she was a school athlete.
c. Because her grandmother had been missing for more than two hours, and the search team were worried about her disappearance!
d. Because they were worried that the sun would set before her disappeared

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Temar Boggs do with the elderly friend?
a. He and his friends were helping his neighbor moving a couch.
b. He and his friends were walking around the building.
c. He was playing with his neighbor in a car accident, but he didn't see him at all!
d. He and his friend were driving along by bike to find the missing girl

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Temgs do to help find Jocelyn?
a. Temar and his friends did a heroic thing.
b. Temar and his friends went to check out the situation.
c. The police officers and firefighters searched the neighborhood for Jocelyn's life in a hurry, too!
d. The search team found Jocelyan on the street with their eyesight

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the goal of a high speed book scanner?
a. it can work much more effectively
b. it can be used as a scanner
c. it can take a shot of the shape.
d. it can make the scanning process easier

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Ishikawa explain using a high speed scanner?
a. reconstructing the original page
b. calculating the shape
c. making calculations for scanning.
d. Using an iPad or iPod

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the book scanner that uses 500 pictures a second to scan pages?
a. Optimistic.
b. Optimistic.
c. Optimistic, and slow-paced!
d. Optimistic

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the food that cloned animals are safe to eat in New Zealand and Europe?
a. Is Food from Cloned Animals Safe?
b. Is Food from Cloned Animals Safe?
c. Is Food From Cloned Animals Safe to eat in Europe.
d. Is Food from Cloned Animals Safe for cloning

Correct Options is a.
Question: Along with South Korea and Taiwan, what country is trying to study food from cloned animals?
a. Japan
b. New Zealand
c. The European Union.
d. New Zealand

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why is food from cloned cattle, pigs and goats safe to eat?
a. Because they are expensive.
b. Because they are not safe.
c. Because they are very expensive and expensive to eat!
d. Because they are too expensive for cloning companies

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the newspaper that was published in this report?
a. In a newspaper.
b. In a newspaper.
c. On the Internet, in an advertisement and on TV at home!
d. In a magazine

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are some of the words that describe tricky people or playful acts?
a. Some English expressions about monkey.
b. Some English expressions about monkey.
c. Some Chinese words on monkeyshines and humans' ancestor, or monkeyashines?
d. Some Chinese expressions of monkeyshines

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a monkey expression that makes people smile?
a. 6.
b. 5.
c. 6.
d. 7.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the term for a monkey?
a. mischief
b. tricks
c. foolish acts.
d. a barrel of monkeys

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can some people make when they make someone look foolish?
a. making a monkey out of him
b. making a monkey out of him
c. making he look foolish or silly.
d. making humming up his friend

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one thing that people can do with computers?
a. to remind us to care about the problems that computers bring.
b. to make us feel their presence everywhere.
c. to help us learn how to use computers and save time for them,because they can't work with them at home or at school in the future."
d. to show that computers are not important but good things

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many weeks does the Catagen period of hair growth last?
a. Three.
b. Two.
c. Six and a half years,
d. Five or six months

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happens when hair grows at a rate of about two or three weeks?
a. hair growth begins to slow down
b. hair growth comes to a complete stop
c. hair growth begins again.
d. hair growth starts to fall out

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for hair growth?
a. Hair growth has much to do with nutrition and health.
b. Hair growth is a sign of beauty.
c. Hair growth is a sign of health and nutrition, but it is not important for women to look after their hairs at the same time."
d. Hair growth is mainly caused by thyroid problems or other conditions

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the person who has trouble growing hair?
a. Going to see a doctor.
b. Having anagen.
c. Taking a medicine to grow hair quickly and slowly, too!
d. Getting medical advice from doctors

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the goal of each school district to promote?
a. Improve students' physical health by developing their nutrition education
b. Improve students' health by teaching physical education
c. Improve students' healthy lifestyles in schools.
d. Improve students' eating habits through food

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are the goals for nutrition education?
a. daily exercise and proper eating habits
b. health education and physical activity
c. healthy eating habits, after-hour training in distance running.
d. a "wellness policy" to promote the students' health

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the school that has banned soft drinks and eliminated unhealthy snacks from store?
a. most schools forbade tobacco use everywhere
b. Sepulveda Middle School.
c. Sepulveda middle school is the only one of its schools to teach physical education at all."
d. Sepulved,the most popular school in Los Angeles County

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did George do when he bought his small plane?
a. George had some difficulty learning to fly a plane.
b. He flew around for half an hour.
c. He flew round and did all kinds of tricks in the air, but he didn't fly it any more at once."
d. He flew around to see Mark again after his trip

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Mark's name?
a. frightened
b. frightened
c. surprised.
d. worried

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long did George fly his plane?
a. only once
b. once
c. twice.
d. three times

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some newspapers write on?
a. can see the fdms before most people see them in the cinema
b. read the latest book and then write reviews on them
c. read the latest book but never see them in the cinema.
d. can see the fdms before they are shown

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the reporter take to get a job?
a. The reporter took their picture.
b. The reporter read the latest book.
c. The reporter wrote on fdms, so they get to see them even before they are shown in the cinema!
d. The reporter read the latest book and then write reviews

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the special racing correspondent in most newspapers?
a. thereis afloodora riot
b. thereis a flood
c. thereis fdms.
d. thereis a flood

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can be very interesting?
a. An introduction to a newspaper reporter's job.
b. A newspaper reporter's job.
c. A special racing correspondent in a newspaper house, and his work is boring for him to do so."
d. A news report on fdms or politics of a foreign country

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between being in deep water and being in hot water?
a. he faces a difficult choice
b. he is in trouble
c. he is in trouble.
d. he is in deep water

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is another expression about a past event?
a. It is water over the dam.
b. It is a way of testing the condition.
c. It is a way to keep its head above water, and it can hold water itself."
d. It is a kind of expression that deals with ideas or suggestions

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the term for a person who loses his job?
a. weak
b. strong
c. serious.
d. a bad idea

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a colorful expression that means staying out of debt?
a. to keep your head above water
b. to throw extremely hot water down on enemies
c. to throw extreme hot water up against enemies attacking a castle.
d. to find if you are in deep water

Correct Options is a.
Question: What relieves physical and mental stress?
a. A peaceful sleep.
b. A healthy heart.
c. A good sleep in the night and night, too!
d. A bad sleep for a long time

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long is sleep necessary?
a. 7 hours.
b. 7 hours.
c. 6 hours and a half weeks, or so of course!
d. 8 hours

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the body that you need to sleep on time?
a. Becoming fat.
b. Having a healthy heart.
c. Being healthy and energetic in the nighttime, or at night for 7 hours of sleep!
d. Staying up late with fewer wastes than before

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Ann do to make her stay in Rosas?
a. a trip that includes the cost of all the tickets and services
b. a trip that includes everything
c. if she had a meal in the hotel.
d. a trip which includes everything

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Ann do when she went to the hotel?
a. she was afraid that she couldn't pay for them with her little money
b. she was afraid that she would have breakfast every day
c. she was afraid that she would have lunch with them in the hotel.
d. she was afraid that she would be there for two weeks

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Ann have bread and cheese?
a. Because she planned to eat them instead of lunch and supper.
b. Because she wanted to eat them.
c. Because she wanted to eat it in the hotel restaurant for two weeks, and that was her last holiday!
d. Because she wanted to have breakfast every day at the hotel

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some newspapers have book reviews?
a. can see the films before most people see them in the cinema
b. read the latest book and then write reviews on them
c. can see the latest book before they are shown in the cinema.
d. can read the latest book but not write on the ones they like

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happens to 'everyday' reporters?
a. there is a flood or a riot
b. they are killed
c. they have died in a flood or a riot.
d. they are killed by a group of men

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of attitude does a reporter have?
a. strong
b. positive
c. negative.
d. hesitant

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Artemisinine a gift for?
a. curing patients suffering from malaria.
b. protecting the health of the world people.
c. Providing treatment for malaria patients in China and abroad,
d. Providing treatment to patients with malaria

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many Nobel Prizes did Tu Youyou win in 2011?
a. 81
b. 81
c. 80.
d. 70

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Tu Youyou say about her achievements in science?
a. The congratulatory letter shows that both China's strengths and international standing have reached the highest rank around the world.
b. She was the first scientist on the mainland to win America's respected Lasker Award.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Tu Youyou's name?
a. A report
b. A doctor
c. A scientist.
d. A doctor

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is guesswork?
a. weathermen can forecast much better than they used to
b. weathermen can forecast much better than they used to
c. weathermen can predict far better as they used to.
d. weathermen can forecast much better

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of experiment did man set off at the start?
a. big scientific experiments
b. big experiments
c. big experiments in planetary engineering.
d. big experiments on the earth

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the average sea level in Greenland and Antarctica?
a. the sea-level will have risen obviously
b. the sea-level will have risen by 200 feet
c. the sea-caps won't disappear completely.
d. the sea- level will have risen

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al-Maktoum do to Dubai?
a. be named after the ruler of the state
b. be a director of the city
c. be a director for the city.
d. be an official company

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Dubai's largest mall?
a. Biggest Mall to be Developed In Dubai
b. The Biggest Mall in the World
c. The Biggest Shopping Center to be Developed by Universal Studios International.
d. The Largest Mall To Be Developed In Dubai

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the worst day of any summer?
a. hated rainy days
b. spent all year looking forward to nice weather
c. enjoyed long, hot days.
d. spent the winter dreaming of summer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the family that he worked for?
a. had no brothers or sisters
b. had no friends
c. had no children to play with.
d. had no brothers or sisters

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the worst day of any summer?
a. rain makes the weather cooler
b. rain makes the weather warm
c. rain brings with it a cold front.
d. rain brings with it sand

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many hours does the instructor and students get?
a. go out driving for twelve times
b. half an hour driving
c. two hours of driving for four months.
d. two hours driving

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the minimum age for a driver?
a. They must be 16 years of age.
b. They must be 16 years old.
c. They must pass all three tests in order to get a driver's license, and they must pass the test for their driver's license."
d. They must have an eye examination or if they are not good at driving

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long is the driving time for a student in his second year of high school?
a. successfully
b. in the same way
c. during a regular school year.
d. after two hours

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where can light refreshments be served?
a. in rooms at 9:00 p. m.
b. in rooms at 6:00-2:00.
c. outside the room refrigerator and on foot by noon to allow for preparation of guests' luggages."
d. in rooms between 10:00-9:30 a. m.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do maids need to do when they leave their room?
a. hang a sign on the door handle
b. keep the sign in the safe
c. keep the sign on their door handle.
d. keep the sign on their door

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the time limit for the room to be closed?
a. 3:00 p. m.
b. 7:00-9:30.
c. 4:00-5:30 heures, and 11:00.00 Uhr!
d. 10:00 a. m

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where are you located in the hotel?
a. In hotels.
b. In the hotel.
c. In a restaurant, in front of you and your house!
d. In restaurants

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Bruce Jun Fan Lee born in?
a. a reminder of Bruce Lee's birthplace
b. a place where Bruce Lee would be raised
c. a place in which Bruce Lee was born.
d. a place of the Dragon

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Bruce's first child?
a. he took up kung fu with Master Yip Man
b. he was born in the hour of the Dragon
c. he was raised by his wife Grace.
d. he was raised at the Jackson Street Hospital

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Bruce respect when he first took up the study of?
a. excellent kung fu skills can strengthen one's confidence considerably
b. kung fu is a powerful symbol in Chinese astrology
c. the change of climates makes him feel very weak.
d. kung fu is a strong symbol for his life

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why was he not a strong child?
a. Bruce didn't have outstanding academic achievements in school
b. He was not able to get along well with his parents
c. His parents were discouraged by him.
d. He was not interested in the filming

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did David do when he was older?
a. advise us to develop children's interest or talent
b. show us how to look at things closely
c. show us how to find worms, ants and so on.
d. show us how to make friends with the ants

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did David do to him as he grew older?
a. develop his enthusiasm for observation
b. show his interest in music
c. show his love for the ants.
d. show his suggestions on how to look

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did David do to his son?
a. Satisfy children's interest by possible means.
b. Show his interest to the ants.
c. Show his love for the ants and their friends in the garden, at least four years old."
d. Show his enthusiasm by listening to music or swimming

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Erica Kenneyer plan to do?
a. To find out how many sugary drinks kids drink at school.
b. To find out how many sugary drinks kids drink at school.
c. To study how many sugary drinks children drink in schools every day, and to find out what they drink there all the time!
d. To look into the amount of sugary drinks kids drink daily

Correct Options is a.
Question: What percentage of kids who took part in the study were not drinking enough water?
a. boys are more likely to get dehydrated than girls
b. boys are more likely to get dehydrated than girls
c. girls are more likely to get dehydrated.
d. girls are more likely to get dehydrated

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for many kids not drinking too much water?
a. don ' t drink enough water daily
b. don't drink enough water
c. don't drink too much milk.
d. don't drink too much water

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of water do you need to stay in?
a. deep water
b. deep water
c. deep sea.
d. deep sea

Correct Options is a.
Question: What color is in the water?
a. everything looks blue and green
b. everything looks blue and green
c. nothing is red or yellow.
d. everything looks black

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why is it easy for you to climb big rocks?
a. you are not as heavy as on the land
b. you are not as heavy on the land
c. you are not as strong in water than under the land.
d. you are too small to climb rocks

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main benefit of skin diving?
a. stay under water for a long time
b. clean ships
c. take them out of water.
d. get many things from the deep sea

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Elizabeth Stinger Keefa do when she found the picture of a happy couple?
a. Because she wanted to find its owner.
b. Because she wanted to make friends with its owner.
c. because she wanted to share it on social media and ask others for help, too!
d. Because she wanted to find a new friend in the process of making a new friend

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of person was Elizabeth Stinger Keefa?
a. fortunate
b. brave
c. kind.
d. friendly

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the estimated effect of background noise on kids?
a. most young children in America live in homes exposed to TV noise
b. Children in America often aren't watching TV
c. Most children in America live in homes exposed to TV noise.
d. Children in America often don' t like watching television

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the children play for shorter periods of time?
a. played with more than one toy
b. played with a toy
c. watched the TV show and advertisements.
d. played with a toy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the effect of a television?
a. The background TV noise affects children's ability to focus.
b. The children's focus on the TV is shorter.
c. Children's focus during play has a significant effect upon their development, and they aren't interested in it at all!
d. Children's attention to the TV was less than once a minute when the TV was off

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the world's highest waterfall?
a. Angel Falls
b. Tugela Falls
c. Rhine falls.
d. Rhine Falls

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many waterfalls are there in the world?
a. they both consist of several waterfalls
b. they are both located in the Natal Province
c. they are two waterfalls.
d. they are two waterfalls

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long is the Tugela River?
a. It possibly has a history of about 17,000 years.
b. It is the world's second highest waterfall.
c. It is located in the Natal Province, South Africa and Brazil."
d. It is the largest waterfall of Europe

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the first five spectacular waterfalls?
a. To introduce some world famous waterfalls.
b. To attract tourists around the world.
c. To show the beauty of the U-shaped cliffs in the waterfall, and to show how beautiful it is!
d. To tell people how to choose the best waterfall for their beauty

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the research that helped scientists find out how well vital and life saving warning systems were working?
a. Science and Technology
b. Science and Technology
c. The Haitian tsunami.
d. The Deep-ocean Assessment

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many Dart buoys are in the Caribbean?
a. 150
b. 75
c. 100.
d. 50

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good thing about the Haitian tsunami?
a. It's worthwhile to spend money on the warning system for possible savings of lives.
b. It's not easy to fix and operate the warning system.
c. It'll cost $50m initial investment for a specific tsunami warning centre in Haiti, too!
d. It will be impossible to maintain the warning system at any time

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the warning system that picks up signals from sea-floor?
a. Disaster Warning System
b. Dart-the Deep Ocean Assessment and Reporting of Tsunami.
c. Disaster Warning System, a kind of alert system for tsunami victims in Haiti or the Caribbean."
d. The Deep-ocean Assessment And Reporting of Tsunamis

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a well-prepared business plan that shows?
a. have the ability to pay it back
b. have the ability to borrow money
c. have the ability of borrowing it.
d. have the knowledge about the business

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do many small business owners often give their first response?
a. they have no clear idea of how much they need to borrow
b. they don't know how to borrow
c. they are not well prepared when going to the bank.
d. they have no idea how to get a loan

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for a bank loan?
a. thoroughly prepare
b. a strong credit rating
c. good experience in the business.
d. poor start-up capital

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of China Children's Art Theatre?
a. Malan Flower.
b. The Great Theatre.
c. The Chinese Acrobatic Troupe and Tao Zhe's friends in China, at least one of them is a famous singer for their music."
d. The Great Theatre with the most beautiful flowers on Malan Mountain

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the age of the Chinese acrobats?
a. 6835-4055.
b. 6602-2530.
c. 6502-3984, to 7: 30 p. m3.
d. 6502-3984

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the listing for the Chinese children' a musical?
a. Listings.
b. Music.
c. Musicians' songs and music,
d. Musics

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people lived in their tiny house?
a. There were seven people in his family.
b. There were seven people in his family.
c. He was a poor boy and he was a poor man, too!
d. He was able to play football with his father

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a man pass by see how fast the boy ran?
a. his running speed
b. his running speed
c. his playing time.
d. his football skills

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Ed do when he was 11?
a. He happened to find a very good football player.
b. He was playing football with his father.
c. He played soccer very well in the game, and he kicked it every day at night!
d. He was playing football for a living

Correct Options is a.
Question: When was the first part of the space station launched?
a. Dec.8,1998
b. Nov.20,19998
c. Dec.8,1999 and December 20,000.
d. Oct. 20,2001

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the shuttle that helped launch the space station?
a. Endeavour carried a lot of equipment for the apace station
b. The space station was built by the Russians from Kazakhstan
c. Endeavour was a key launching board for exploration of the solar system.
d. It was carried up in November1998,1998

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mark Twain do with his parents?
a. his mother often worried about his safety
b. he often ran away from home
c. his parents always played jokes on him.
d. he often went to school with his friends and neighbors

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did Mark Twain do?
a. did many kinds of work
b. did many kinds of work
c. did many types and activities.
d. did many kinds of experiments

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Mark Twain lose his job?
a. must have been very sad because he lost his family
b. was too busy to go out
c. was too busy with his work.
d. was too busy for his job

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is summer school a requirement for?
a. graduate successfully on time
b. take a course at an alternative school
c. make friends with their classmates.
d. get credit for the course

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the child who enrolled in summer school?
a. His mother's wish.
b. His mother's wish.
c. His father and son."
d. His parents' wishes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did it help him do to avoid the awkward situation?
a. It helped him get rid of bad habits.
b. It helped him get credit for a course.
c. It helped him get credit from his classmates and friends to take the course at an alternative school in the city of New York,Canada."
d. It helped him get credit for he took the course every day

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did he believe was important to me?
a. He thinks it is significant.
b. He thinks it is important.
c. He thinks it is necessary for him to take a course at an alternative school in the city, and his parents are surprised by it!
d. He thinks it is not important but good for him to take a summer school course

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the cost of a trip to the Olympics?
a. developing Olympic-level skills in athletes is costly
b. a trip to the Olympics is expensive
c. a trip to the Olympics costs less than a trip.
d. a trip to the Olympics is not suitable for amateurs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the purpose of restricting the Olympics to amateurs?
a. the rules did not work the same way for everyone
b. the rules were not suitable for all kinds of people
c. the rules were not suitable to everyone.
d. the rules were not necessary

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Eric Liddell's job offer?
a. an allowance paid to a child
b. a gold medal
c. free clothing from he's taught for a living.
d. free clothes offered by a manufacturer

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did the British Olympic Committee finance their trip to the Olympics?
a. has struggled with the definition of amateur over the years
b. has been a successful athlete
c. has won ten gold medals in the Olympics.
d. has made it possible for American track stars to compete

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to Jatari Walker?
a. A young woman narrowly escaped being killed by a bullet.
b. The owner of the restaurant was charged with attempted murder.
c. The owner of the restaurant had no appetite for food at all, so she was a young woman who was not good enough to sleep well in her car and couldn't sleep any more than that one day later it happened on Saturday afternoon."

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Jatari Walker shoot at whose customer?
a. Because she discovered a fly in the egg roll.
b. Because she was a frequent customer of the business.
c. Because she was angry with her customers' complaints about the fly in the egg roll and it happened on Thursday night, too!
d. Because she was not interested in the fly at all

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the owner of Good Friend say was going to do?
a. she was about to leave
b. she was going to go back
c. she was about to go home.
d. she was going to go shopping

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the owner of Good Friends do?
a. it is common for a restaurant owner in that neighborhood to have a weapon
b. it is not uncommon for a restaurant owner to have a weapon
c. it is common for frightened people in that neighborhood.
d. it is easy for if he has a weapon

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Linda and Lucy feel was the best friend?
a. being friendly
b. being quiet
c. sleeping too much.
d. going around with a boy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Linda and Lucy do to her friend?
a. She dated a troublesome boy
b. She slept too much
c. She slept very often.
d. She slept too much

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of drugs did Lucy take to leave the boy?
a. Medicine
b. Medicine
c. Food.
d. Food

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do the two friends believe in?
a. what a true friend is
b. what a successful doctor is
c. how to become a successful doctor.
d. who can be a good doctor

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the process called photosynthesis?
a. Soil
b. Oil
c. Coal.
d. Wood

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the report confirm?
a. level of carbon dioxide increases with global temperatures
b. the level of carbon dioxide in increasing with global temperatures
c. the levels of carbon dioxide in decreasing by six-tenths.
d. the amount of carbon dioxide is increased at present

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some groups oppose international efforts to control?
a. they want to use more fuels that can send out carbon dioxide
b. they want to increase the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere
c. they want to make trees grow faster.
d. they want to use more fuels that can release carbon dioxide

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the study in North Carolina say could cause plants to grow faster?
a. trees' function for absorbing carbon dioxide is limited
b. trees' oxygen is too high to absorb carbon dioxide.
c. plants' oxygen can be released from the air in winter and summertimes, so they can grow faster than before."
d. trees' oxygen will be released by the earth

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do parents say is a reason for not having to spend as much on clothing?
a. they probably waste an extra amount of money
b. they don't like to wear uniforms
c. they are not sure about the cost of uniform.
d. they have no idea of how to use uniform

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are the most famous landmarks in New York City?
a. Statue of Liberty & Ellis Island
b. The New York Botanical Garden
c. Hagley Museum & Winterthur.
d. The New Jersey Botanical Garden

Correct Options is a.
Question: When is the New York Botanical Garden?
a. October 14.
b. September 29.
c. November 21 (Sat) $113.00 in 2016.
d. October 30

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the memorial that commemorates 9/11?
a. The 9/11 Memorial.
b. The New York Botanical Garden.
c. Hagley Museum & Winterthur, and the New York Gardens of America in 1802.
d. The New York Botanical Garden

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can prevent cuts from becoming infected?
a. antibiotic cream from a tube
b. Painkillers in a tablet
c. Painkiller from supper.
d. Painkillers and medicine

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did scientists change the chicken' DNA?
a. Scientists chose chickens for their experiments because chicken eggs taste delicious.
b. The chickens were made of proteins.
c. The chickens were made from different kinds and sizes, so they were made to make protein drugs in their milk for the birds' cells.
d. The chickens were made by scientists because they wanted to make more eggs than eggs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the nerve disease called?
a. treat multiple sclerosis
b. skin cancer
c. skin cancer.
d. skin cancer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between chickens and proteins?
a. we may eat special eggs as drugs when we are sick in the future
b. chickens are cheaper to take care of than cow.
c. chickens can make proteins easily and grow faster in the future, too."
d. chickens are better than cows or sheep when they are infected

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the protein that can be used in medicine?
a. Chicken Eggs as Drug
b. Chickens as Drug
c. Chicken Protein and Blood.
d. Chicken Egg As Drug

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the doctor do to a child?
a. The doctor did not trust the short man and disliked him.
b. The doctor was very kind and quiet.
c. The doctor was very kind but kind to the child's family, too!
d. The short man was very kind with the children in his eyes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Enfield take a violent dislike to?
a. The name on the cheque the short man produced.
b. The name of the short man.
c. The name on the cheque that the doctor gave him to his family, and then he was sent back home again in London."
d. The name of the child's family

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who was the child's family?
a. Mr. Jekyll, a well-known doctor
b. Mr. Jekyll, a quiet and kind man
c. Mr. Jeksey's neighbor in London
d. Mr. Jechsen who was a prisoner

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are the names of the fishing boats on Barbados?
a. Old churches and splendid yachts.
b. The Botanical Garden and tropical plants.
c. The Botanical Garden, the rocky caves or local wildlife will make these tours relaxing for visitors to visit it from a different point of view in time."
d. The beautiful landscapes of the tropical plants and flowers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a tourist attraction on Barbados?
a. may attract lovers of nature
b. is a tourist attraction
c. is a tourist's dream.
d. is based on the tourism experience

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to explore Barbados?
a. try a rental drive adventure
b. explore the beautiful scenery
c. take a guided island tour.
d. pick up some visitors' guides

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a great place to visit on this island?
a. Barbados-A Wonderful Place for Sightseeing
b. Barbados-A Wonderful Place for Sightseeing
c. Barbados -- A Beautiful Place to See and Do business.
d. Barbados - A Wonderful Place of Sightseeing

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Christmas Day?
a. the birthday of Jesus Christ
b. the birthday of Santa Claus
c. the birthday celebration in Britain and other countries.
d. the birthday party for children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do people usually tell their children to do on Christmas Eve?
a. They put their stockings at the end of their beds.
b. They put their stockings in the bed.
c. They put their Christmas presents into their bedrooms and sleep at night, to play with them on Easter Day!
d. They put small presents in their stockings

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the other name for Santa Claus?
a. Father Christmas
b. Christmas
c. Jesus Christ.
d. Christmas Day

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does every person like?
a. presents
b. stockings
c. Christmas cards.
d. Christmas gifts

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the recipe that makes ice cream?
a. Nuts
b. Milk
c. Rock salt.
d. Chocolate

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the person who makes ice cream?
a. He/ She doesn't think the chocolaty tastes bad.
b. He/ She doesn't like the chocolatey.
c. He/ She thinks the chocolatey tastes good and creamy to him or her, too!
d. He/ She thinks the chocolatey taste better than the chocolatey

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of El-E?
a. To introduce the functions of El-E.
b. To help people with disabilities.
c. To find and fetch common household items for people who have disabilities in life, to do more complicated tasks than El-E."
d. To make the robot recognize and perform the action on an object illuminated by the laser

Correct Options is a.
Question: How is El-E designed?
a. By making it able to fetch more items.
b. By combining voice commands with the laser.
c. By combining voice commands and the laser in order to grasp the object easily, too!
d. By making it able to recognize and fetch common household items

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is El-E designed to learn from?
a. correcting mistakes can help the robot work more successfully
b. the robot can recognize and fetch objects
c. the robot can recognize and perform more functions.
d. the robot can find and sell household items

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did he call his new baseball ball?
a. Mullaney's attempts to help Davey better enjoy ball-playing led to the invention of Wiffle ball
b. He wanted to control his own company
c. The Wiffle Ball was a national treasure.
d. He wanted to make the Wiffle ball a national treasure

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened when Davey started cutting holes in the balls?
a. Mullaney's business was nearly bought out but they worked hard to keep it
b. Mullaney's business was not successful
c. Mullany' family and friends were very satisfied with the product.
d. Mullanney' son was hurting his arm trying to throw curves without hurting him

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did David Mullaney think of his new ball?
a. persistence and creativity
b. a good idea
c. the advantages of his new ball.
d. The disadvantages and disadvantages

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did David Mullaney call his new baseball ball?
a. the birth of Wiffle ball
b. a baseball ball
c. broom handle for a baseball player.
d. a plastic golf ball

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did the children run around in cloth on their mothers' backs?
a. kids lacked energy to study attentively
b. they were too tired to go home
c. they were too tired for the road.
d. they were too tired and tired

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the Millennium Village project to get people out of?
a. the poverty and the progress of an African village
b. the poor and the poor
c. the poor, the poor or the poor.
d. the poor in the poor communities

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Justin do with his YouTube account?
a. Justin's way to success
b. His first album
c. His own website.
d. His favorite songs

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did Justin shot straight to the top?
a. Justin becomes a celebrity partly owing to social media.
b. Justin is a famous singer.
c. Justin is a famous actor in the film My world, Which was released by Usher and then posted videos online with purpose."
d. Justin is a popular TV star because of his music on YouTube

Correct Options is a.
Question: What will guests do before the day's events?
a. To take a tour of the Thomas College campus.
b. To design more than a dozen arrangements.
c. To bid on the flower arrangement in a variety of sizes and colors, or to have a boxed lunch with Jeff's friends!
d. To create if the holiday table using things found in the home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the time of the day that Jeff and Scott will design more than one dozen arrangements?
a. 10:30 a.m. ~ 12:00 p.m.
b. 9:00 a.m, 4:00 p.m
c. 10:00 a.m and 1:00 p.m."
d. 11:00 a.m

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the cost of a day of design?
a. is free of charge
b. is free of charge
c. is limited to 45 guests.
d. is free from charge

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the first graders celebrate Thanksgiving with?
a. Turkey
b. Turkey
c. Turkey.
d. Turkey

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the little boy say about Douglas's hand?
a. show thanks to his teacher
b. show his appreciation to the teacher
c. show his love for him.
d. show his gratitude

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Douglas's name?
a. Moved
b. Worried
c. Disappointed.
d. Worrying

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the study conclude can damage a person's mind?
a. is caused by too much use of modern technology
b. is mainly a problem for adult workers
c. is mainly based on the experience of daily life.
d. is mainly a problem for adults, especially men

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the conclusion that too much use of today can damage a person's mind?
a. the relevance between IQ and use of modern technology
b. the importance of IQ
c. the effect on IQ and social relationship.
d. the effects of informationmania

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the findings show about 5 percent of people?
a. they ages at a relatively faster biological rate
b. they have a higher biological age
c. they are vegans and have fewer jobs.
d. they have a low-stress job

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did the study show that some people's biological clock plays a powerful role for their life expectancy?
a. By collecting and analyzing data.
b. By analyzing blood samples.
c. Through studying human DNA and predicting their lifespans,
d. By recording age-related changes to human DNA

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the study show about some people?
a. 5 percent of people are believed to have a faster innate aging rate
b. 5 percent of people are believed to have a higher biological age
c. 5 percent of people are believed to have fewer chances for death.
d. 5 percent of people are believed to have a lower biological rate

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the role of some people'd biological clock?
a. Biological clock predicts life expectancy
b. Biological clock predicts an earlier death
c. Biological clock predicts an earlier death.
d. Biological clock predicts an earlier death

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the brothers do to help their neighbors?
a. They were friendly neighbours ,helping each other .
b. They were able to build a bridge.
c. They were able to build sand and fence at once, but they didn't know what the farmer was doing it all that day!
d. They were able to build if they wanted to be a carpenter

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did John want you to do?
a. At first the carpenter planned to build an 8-foot fence as John asked him to.
b. The carpenter wanted to build a bridge.
c. John wanted to build he had ten feet of fences for him and his brother's life in the future, too!
d. He wanted to make a bridge with his younger brother as well as a bridge

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was John's job?
a. A Fine Piece of Work
b. A Fence
c. A Bridge.
d. A Carpenter

Correct Options is a.
Question: What states did Morrisons want to expand its online business?
a. certain states
b. the UK
c. New Jersey and Connecticut.
d. New York

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Morrisons' first major step to launching?
a. Launching an online operation with the acquisition of interest retailer
b. Offering grocery and non-food products
c. Investing PS32 million in a 10% stake of a New York-based online grocer.
d. Opening three convenience stores under the name M Local

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Supermarket announce to launch within two years?
a. Morrisons Will Launch an Online Operation
b. The Big Four Supermarkets.com
c. The "Big Four" grocer will offer grocery and non-food products in the future."
d. FreshDirect Will Help Morrisons Launch its Own Website

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of childproof gates?
a. To give tips on what to do to prevent accidents about children.
b. To make sure that children are protected from drowning.
c. To warn children of the dangers caused by bicycle accidents in summer and summer months, to prevent them falling down stairways or even fall away at night!
d. To show how dangerous it is for children under 10 who are crossing the street alone

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the AAP recommend to keep kids safe?
a. install window guards on second story and higher windows
b. install fences, door alarm and pool covers
c. install bike helmet to prevent falls down stairways.
d. use bicycle helmet for safety

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most common cause of death?
a. wear a proper helmet
b. bicycle injuries
c. falls and pedestrian accidents.
d. Using gate guards

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way that parents should use protective devices to prevent a tragedy?
a. A combination of fences, door alarms and pool covers can greatly reduce the risks of drowning.
b. Children can be protected by a combination of fences, door alarms and pool covers.
c. Children should not cross at the same time to avoid drowning in the summer months or in the summertime alone with their parents' help!
d. Children under 10 should never be crossing the street without any safety

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most common cause of death?
a. public safety
b. bicycle injuries
c. falls and pedestrian accidents.
d. head injuries from cycling

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do Chinese students need at night?
a. sleep less
b. sleep less
c. sleep more.
d. sleep more

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason students stay up late?
a. they watch TV late
b. they have too much homework
c. they have too much homework.
d. they have too much homework

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for Chinese students to stay up late?
a. come home late
b. watch TV
c. play the computer games.
d. work well in class

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the country that borders France?
a. Proud.
b. Unknown.
c. Unfriendly and friendly!
d. Unforgettable

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the music format that caused disagreement?
a. "MP3 Clears Its Way"
b. "MP3 Is a Good Format"
c. "MP3 Can Be Used in the Future".
d. "MP3 Can Be Used In The Future."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for the decision to make beautiful music together?
a. The struggle against piracy will be proved difficult.
b. The music industry will be able to deal with the new trend.
c. The music and consumer-electronics industry will be able to make beautiful songs together, but they will not have any choice in their future life now!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the first time that foreign students must apply for their visa?
a. The moment you have been accepted to a school in the US.
b. The time when you are accepted to a college.
c. The time that you have been accepted in the US for the first time, and then get a visa from an American embassy or consulate at once!
d. When you are coming as if you are a student

Correct Options is a.
Question: How much does the cost of getting a visa for an American college or university?
a. Two hundred dollars.
b. Two hundred dollars.
c. Three hundred dollar and a half cents of the cost to get a visa for an American college or university?
d. Four hundred dollars

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for a major change in oceans?
a. concern
b. astonished
c. worried.
d. angry

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a chemical reaction that turns sea water more acidic?
a. carbon pollution in the sea
b. ocean acidification
c. corals and colorful fish.
d. ocean acidification

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the study that found an increase in sea water?
a. To persuade .
b. To show.
c. to show the importance of ocean water, and forbid it from happening in our oceans."
d. To tell us how to save our oceans

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the adventure that Is My Life in the Bush of Ghosts?
a. Explore the nature
b. Discover the world
c. Find a way back home.
d. Explore the world

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Ami Ata Aidoo's novel?
a. Laila Lalami
b. Our Sister Killjoy
c. The Moor's Account.
d. Estabanico

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Ami Ata Aidoo' book?
a. The Moor's Account indeed talks about a journey of heart
b. My Life in the Bush of Ghosts
c. The Moor's Account is a tourist adventure.
d. Estanico is our latest guide through the unknown lands and peoples

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the English saying about Zac Efron?
a. He who laughs last laughs the hardest
b. He who laughs last is the smallest
c. He who laughs last laughs most.
d. He who laughs last laughs the hardest

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Efron do when he was born?
a. He cheered himself up and used it as motivation to move on.
b. He took part in school performances and with a local theater group.
c. He took singing lessons to study film at the University of Southern California for his role as an actor, Footloose or Seventeen Again again."
d. He was invited to study Films when he was 21 years old

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Efron do to help his teammates?
a. He once helped the other team win a match when he was playing basketball.
b. He once helped the other team win a match when he was playing basketball.
c. He once helped the other team to score in double overtime, with three seconds left and passed it away at last!
d. He once helped the other team win a match while he was playing football

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the point that people seem to be born to calculate?
a. The development of mathematical ability in children.
b. The development of the mathematical ability.
c. The growth of the numerical skills in children's life and their lifelong learning process, too!
d. The importance of a oneness or twoness to children

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do children start to calculate?
a. begin to master simple counting soon after they learn to walk and talk.
b. begin to count the pencils in a pile.
c. start to report the number of blue or red pencils at first sight, and with effort for each table they have placed on them before learning it again!
d. begin to know how to count the pencils quickly after they learn to walk

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason children are born to calculate?
a. objective
b. objective
c. difficult.
d. hard-working

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason children are born to calculate?
a. Children learn mathematics naturally and easily.
b. Children are able to set the table with impressive accuracy.
c. They can set the table in a short thick glass and a tall thin one, for example!
d. Children are able to count the pencils as they slowly grasped

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many subjects does Jean teach?
a. The students only have 6 subjects to learn.
b. The students only have 6 subjects to learn.
c. The students only have 5 subjectes for learning, and the students don't know how many ones they can teach at school?
d. The students only have 6 subjects to learn

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long does Jean's college life last?
a. has studied in the high school for 3 years
b. has studied in the high school for 4 years
c. is a yearlong study of English and history.
d. has been studying at Walt Whitman High School

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do boys in America start high school?
a. Boy students wear jeans of larger size because they grow fast
b. They don't have to go up and down
c. Boys like to wear jeans of larger size.
d. Boy students don' t like to wear jeans because they are too big

Correct Options is a.
Question: What rules do Europe and America make?
a. we should wear resinous glasses instead of glass glasses
b. we should wear resinous glasses instead of glass.
c. we should wear resinous glasses because of the bad points in our eyesight?
d. we should buy the traditional glass glasses for our children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to cure and put right children's eyesight problems?
a. to wear suitable resinous glasses at the right time
b. to wear resinous glasses as soon as possible
c. to wear resinous glasses at the right time.
d. to buy the traditional glass glasses for children

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do parents buy traditional plastic glasses?
a. glass glasses are the first choice in China not only because of their price
b. they don't like plastic glasses.
c. they are not good at plastic glass frames in China anymore and so on now, there is no need to wear them for their children."
d. they have little or nothing about the bad points of plastic glasses

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of people are wet behind the ears?
a. young and inexperienced
b. old and poor
c. immature but immature.
d. immature

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the phrase that a person who is wet behind?
a. Share with you some of my Ghosts of Christmas Past
b. Tell you how to dry the back of their head after a bath
c. Talk with you about my childhood.
d. Tell you how to get ill in the morning

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was a bad thing about Mom's grades?
a. the author had spent much time watching TV after school
b. the author had been able to get through third grade
c. the author had never read books before.
d. the author had not seen any TV programs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the family that had been in Detroit?
a. He came from a middle-class family.
b. He was a middle-class family.
c. His family lived in an ugly multi-family house, and his marks were not enough to care about it at all."
d. He had been in a high school for a long time now

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the reason for Mom's decision to go where books were?
a. They were reluctant.
b. They were lazy.
c. They were tired of reading books and watching TV screens in the library, too!
d. They were afraid that they would be ill-prepared for their future life

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mom do to his sons?
a. he realized that books offered him new experience
b. he was a peevish boy
c. he read two books every week.
d. he had to read more than one book

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are the two main attractions on IOW?
a. Dinosaur Isle and the West of the Wight.
b. Robin Hill Country Park and the West of the Wight.
c. The Marine Aquarium, Archaeology Exhibition und the Model Railway in Sandown County Council

Correct Options is a.
Question: How does a volunteer run this museum?
a. those running the Wight Bus Museum work for free
b. they can take pictures of the rare red squirrels
c. they can see ancient boats crossing the narrow strait between the island and the mainland.
d. they can buy some souvenir for their children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the attraction on Isle Of Wight?
a. attract readers to come to the IOW
b. attract readers to visit the IOW
c. attract readers from all over Europe.
d. attract readers to visit the IOW

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the magazine that offers a great place to relax on holiday?
a. travel magazine
b. tourist magazine
c. museum book.
d. gift shop

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the citizens do at town meetings?
a. make a decision about whom they should marry
b. speak freely
c. speak with the town officials.
d. speak to the town's officials

Correct Options is a.
Question: What were the names of the people who voted in New England town meetings?
a. The rich men and the church members.
b. The rich men and the church members.
c. The government agencies, but not the people who were elected to vote in New England town meetings."
d. The officials of the town halls

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the process that New England towns had?
a. Because it is very democratic.
b. Because it is very popular.
c. Because it is very important to the people of New England towns and cities in America, too!
d. Because it has a special democratic system

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the meeting that occurs in New England communities?
a. In recent years, town meetings are often called by a government agency.
b. The town meeting idea has been widely imitated.
c. The town meeting idea is widely imitated in New England communities now and then, very soon!
d. The town meeting idea is mainly about local problems but also about other community matters

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was a democratic process in New Hampshire?
a. the New England town meeting
b. the New England town meeting
c. the government agency.
d. the new school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Tim Kovar's tree climbing operation?
a. They take people a long time.
b. They are a kind of slow food.
c. They help people to learn about the ecology in a way afforded by extreme games, and they are easy for them all at once!
d. They encourage people to climb more quickly than before

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does slow travel do?
a. It favors the experience of enjoying nature.
b. It encourages visitors to learn about the ecology.
c. It encourages visitors to enjoy the environment in a way afforded by extreme games, and it encourages them not to climb up any more."
d. It encourages visitors to take part in the slow food movement

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Michael's Triumph?
a. Show respect for the tree
b. Help the climber
c. Help the climbers to get permission.
d. Help the climber to climb

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Tim Kovar think of a tree climbing event?
a. Makes people realize they should protect trees
b. Encourages people to climb faster
c. Promotes the environment of trees.
d. Encourages people to learn about the ecology

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of activity did Tim Kovar develop?
a. Tree-climbing travelling
b. Slow food movement
c. Homegrown cooking.
d. Recreational tree climbing

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the Guide Dogs for the Blind Association say about young people?
a. is beneficial to blind children's development
b. is a good way to improve their sense of self-confidence
c. is not suitable for blind children.
d. is more important than for adults

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has been done for guide dogs?
a. it is necessary to carry out the experimental project
b. it is necessary to help the blind people
c. it is necessary for the blind people in Britain.
d. it is necessary to provide guide dogs with younger people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does it mean?
a. Age limit for the blind to have guide dogs is to be removed.
b. The blind can't see normally in the UK for the first time.
c. The blind can' hardly see normally at home with guide dogs or other dogs, as they are not allowed to have guides dog themselves and their parents alone now."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most brutal way to write an exceptional personal statement?
a. offering guides on the writing of application essays for American universities
b. giving you the intimate detailstest scores, GPAs and demographic information
c. showing you how to evaluate your own chances of admission in law schools.
d. presenting examples on how to write essays for law school hopefuls

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important part of Business School Essays that Made A Difference?
a. an admission test given by a law school
b. an admissions test given by a law school
c. the application for a law school in America.
d. the interview with a law school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the book that focuses on law school essays?
a. To sell the books.
b. To show the students' interest.
c. To tell the students how to write essays in law schools and colleges of different sizes, levels or levels for each student."
d. To introduce the books as a way to make money by offering them.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for my new movie?
a. My busy life.
b. My friend's English.
c. My friends in China and abroad,he is very good at singing songs!
d. My family members

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of the Beijing TV program?
a. ask people to help "good people" who are in trouble.
b. encourage people to be more aware.
c. make friends with "good people" who are in trouble and have a good time at work, too!
d. tell people how to get along well with others

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who wrote the song Zhongguo Nian?
a. Tan Jing.
b. Tony Leung.
c. John Wu and the main actor of Jackie Chan's blog,China."
d. Tony Leung

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Chang Shilei's song?
a. Longwei Xiaozi needs a young actress for a part who can speak English well.
b. He is a naturally talented musician.
c. He plays the piano until he's tired and then he lies down on his bed to sleep, so he takes her along for...? .
d. He is a naturally gifted musician who can speak English well

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Steam?
a. the UK needs more graduates in science, technology, engineering and mathematics
b. The UK needs more graduates in science, technology and mathematics
c. the UK needs to increase by 50% of its graduates.
d. the UK needs more students than ever before

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Sir John O'Reilly believe engineers should embrace?
a. Accepting the arts could attract more people into engineering
b. The arts could be a key to creativity
c. The arts would be more important than science and technology.
d. The arts could be an important component of innovation

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Sir John O'Reilly say engineers should embrace?
a. stress the importance of arts
b. encourage more people to work in art schools
c. promote the development of arts.
d. encourage more people into art

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Sir John O'Reilly concerned about?
a. The IET's skills survey raised concerns about the number of recruits to engineering.
b. The UK needs to increase by 50% the number of Stem graduates.
c. The UK needs to increase by as much as 50% in the number of Stemm graduate it produces, and this could attract more people into the profession

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Sir John O'Reilly say engineers should embrace?
a. Engineering needs to emphasize its creative side to encourage more young people to choose it as a career.
b. Engineering needs to be a key component of innovation.
c. Science, technology and engineering are vital for a modern knowledge economy in the UK now than before."
d. Engineering needs to be a key component of innovation

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my mother do to raise her children?
a. Mother played a great pan in the family.
b. She worked as a cook.
c. She cooked on ice cream and electric stoves in the family's home firework, too!
d. Mother made do with her husband to help produce pc crops

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Tom Brokaw say about his father?
a. He takes up a position as a writer.
b. He is a writer.
c. He is regarded as a writer and a writer in the world of medicine, too!
d. He is devoted to his family life- lines

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the main difference between my mother's life-lines?
a. Economical and independent.
b. Hard and hard.
c. Hardworking but difficult to deal with in the countryside of Washington County, too!
d. Hard-going and independent

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of creative agency did Alexander Peitersen create?
a. Creative.
b. Creative.
c. Creative, and a lot of money to do it for himself!
d. Creative

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the problem with working in Denmark?
a. it's increasingly difficult to get hired
b. it's too low to get a job
c. it's too difficult for people in Denmark.
d. it'll be hard for people to find a job

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of putting academics on display in storefront windows?
a. to some degree the window displays help people find jobs
b. the window displays help people find jobs
c. they can get a job in any company.
d. they can make money by selling their resumes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the job seekers that got a good impression?
a. Job-seekers are displayed in the windows hoping to get hired.
b. Job seekers are offered a job in the windows.
c. Job seekers are offered a job by their own company and companies to work there for free at home, too!
d. Job seekers are asked to sit in the window like goods on display

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do you need to find?
a. what your eating style is
b. what your diet is
c. what your food tastes.
d. how you eat

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for a good meal?
a. I enjoy doing cooking by myself.
b. I like to eat while watching TV.
c. I have time for breakfast at the table and watch TV with my parents' help!
d. I can finish a whole box of snacks quickly when I am full

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do you need to do instead of snacking?
a. Hold a ball in his hand while watching TV.
b. Eat more snacks than you need.
c. Try to make time for at least one sit-down meal a day, and try it out of the door by yourself or on your way home from work in an afternoon!
d. Eat salty foods as much as you can with your hands

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did he do to get paralyzed?
a. Joel Haler could walk again after three months' paralysis
b. He was able to walk on his own
c. Joel Haler could walk with robot.
d. He was able to walk without the aid of robot

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Joel Haler feel in his wheelchair?
a. His legs and feet.
b. His hips and feet.
c. His hips, legs or arms!'."
d. His hips

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the college that Joel Haler woke up in?
a. hopeless
b. frightened
c. sad.
d. proud

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Catherine and I say about moose accidents?
a. Life is unpredictable, so we should treasure every moment.
b. Life is not so real, but we should be careful.
c. We should never forget the experience of moose accidents before it happened to us in time and time again."
d. We should give thanks for every day because we can see the sun rise once more

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the first thing you need to do in college?
a. learn to look after yourself
b. learn to be a good student
c. learn to live in crowded rooms.
d. learn to deal with new responsibilities

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for a roommate meeting?
a. you would like to get along well with each other
b. you want to be a good student
c. you want to make friends with a stranger.
d. you want to have a party

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the first step in a roommate's life?
a. Talk with him or her.
b. Talk with him or her.
c. Ask him/her to do the same things as before and then ask them for help in a way that is important at first, but not to be angry when they are angry about it."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do students want to do when they meet their roommate?
a. It is very important for you and your roommate to understand each other.
b. It is very important for you to be a good student.
c. It is not necessary for you and your roommate to understand each other's wishes at all, too!
d. It is the best way to make friends with your roommate

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of shows are on the internet?
a. Popular TV shows.
b. New diets.
c. Lifestyle shows and lifestyle programs,
d. Lifestyle magazines

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does DIETS DON'T WORK?
a. The latest diet is necessarily better than all the previous ones.
b. The latest diet is better than the previous ones.
c. The latest diet has nothing to do with the latest one and then it will work again in a few days or so, too!
d. The new diet is more effective now that the last month's one works

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the diet and fashion industries do to help society?
a. what's inside a person is much more important than his/her appearance.
b. People are too lazy to accept each other for who they are.
c. People are too fat and not willing to take a class instead of a diet or a lifestyle program, so we can't afford it any more!
d. People are too busy with their daily life because of the lack of money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to the polar vortex?
a. All the places it swept across became extremely cold.
b. It was pushed as far south as Alabama on wind currents known as the jet stream.
c. The Arctic air was pushed along with Alabama in Maryland and Washington this week, but it was not supposed to be this cold

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the weather system do?
a. it was the cold air and high winds that stayed longer here
b. it was the cold air and high winds that stayed longer there
c. it was the cold air but high winds were not.
d. it was the cold air which pushed southward on wind currents

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the weather system cause?
a. other damage the polar vortex caused
b. the cold air and high winds
c. the wind currents of the jet stream.
d. the weather system' slowed down

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the key of a man's job?
a. get men to do some housework
b. make men do all the housework
c. make men feel that they are doing some house work.
d. make men feel that they are doing some housework

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason men want to feel they are doing housework?
a. likes a clean house but doesn't make effort to do it.
b. They want to please their women.
c. They want to make more money for the housework they do in orderly ways, and not be monitored by men or women at all!
d. They want to please their wives because they are doing housework

Correct Options is a.
Question: How will most men take a little more housework around the house?
a. ask them to do some housework politely
b. make them feel that they are doing some housework
c. make them feel that they are doing some housework.
d. make them feel that they are doing some housework

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do most men make to their housework?
a. repair the fence
b. clean the house
c. complete projects on weekends.
d. make more money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of mammals live in the ocean?
a. whales are fish
b. whales are mothers
c. whales and harpoon.
d. whales live in the ocean

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do babies drink from mothers body?
a. the animals which are fed on their mothers' milk
b. the animals which are fed on their mothers' milk
c. the animals that are fed by their mother.
d. the animals who are fed with their mothers' milk

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happens every year for whales?
a. return to the same place as they did before
b. swim hundreds of kilometers to warm places
c. swim in the ocean and drink milk from their bodies.
d. swim with the mothers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the type of sound that whales talk to each other?
a. singing
b. swimming
c. drinking.
d. harpoons

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many whales do humans kill?
a. nearly forty thousand whales
b. a hundred thousand whales
c. a hundred thousand whale.
d. about ten thousand whales

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for people losing concentration?
a. They don't want to be devoted to their work.
b. They are too busy to do their work.
c. They want to be absorbed in their work and get bored with them, so they jump out of the way home or abroad?
d. They don't want to go to the gym for a walk

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Robert Epstein say was the best thing about a student?
a. You went to school at six as usual.
b. You went to school at six as usual.
c. You went to school for a short walk or take pause with you in the morning and then go on walks by yourself, too!
d. You went to work every day without any help from your friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Robert Epstein's advice?
a. Turn to your good friends or teachers for help.
b. Stop and listen to some soft music for a few minutes.
c. Listen to some soft music in a deep breath, count up slowly or breathe out very quickly at once!
d. Take more control by structuring your time

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why have people no idea of the stamps they've had?
a. you do not know how many are left
b. they don't want to send them by post
c. they have run out of the stamps.
d. they are not able to print their own stamp

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way people can use the postage stamps?
a. design their own photo stamps
b. buy them online
c. print off their own printers.
d. send mail to the post office

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the person who has been using postage stamps for years?
a. He thinks they are a great idea.
b. He thinks they are a good idea.
c. He thinks they are not easy to use in the US!
d. He thinks they are very popular with people around us

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of a Centerville High School Essay Contest?
a. how a student should begin an essay
b. how a student should write an essay
c. how he should write essays.
d. how if a student should write an essay

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good way to do?
a. the essay contest has been carefully planned
b. the essay contest has been held
c. the essay contest is held every day.
d. the essay contest has been held

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of a Centerville High School Essay Contest?
a. persuade students to enter the essay contest
b. tell students how to write essays
c. ask students to write their essays.
d. encourage students to write essays

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the prize that will be given to students in Centerville High School?
a. donated prizes for the contest
b. a prize for the contest
c. a prize of $150 to enter one school activity or athletic game.
d. a prize for the contest

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where does the Centerville High School Essay Contest take place?
a. The essay contest is held annually at Centerville High School.
b. The students can enter one school activity or athletic game.
c. Students can write their essays in the Centerville Times every day and every month at the computer labs for free to use them all over campus, except a computer laboratory on November 30.00 each year!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Punished for?
a. Punished for speeding and wrong parking.
b. Punished for driving.
c. Punished because of the wrong driving conditions and parking privileges in Royston, Ohio or London

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for her refusal to travel abroad?
a. She doesn't feel like working long hours flying abroad.
b. She doesn't like working long hours abroad.
c. She has no college education to do in her studies at all, too!
d. She is not interested in traveling overseas

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the marriage that requires a driver to be smart?
a. Marriage.
b. Marriage.
c. Marriage and marriage,
d. Marriage

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Louis Armstrong's job?
a. a schoolboy
b. a teacher
c. he was an engineer.
d. hone his mother

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Louis Armstrong's first name?
a. he became a grown-up.
b. he became a famous man.
c. he was a rich boy and a rich person in England, too!
d. he played the sad, slow songs on his own

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of music did Louis enjoy?
a. his wonderful jazz music
b. his hard work
c. his good music.
d. his great talent

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who waved and smiles?
a. The man with the horn
b. The man with the horn
c. The man who played jazz.
d. The man in his school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the code for what you can wear to work?
a. dress in a right way
b. be neat and clean
c. be careful with your co-workers.
d. keep away from the boss

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long is it necessary for you not to leave a job?
a. You are required to arrive 15 minutes earlier
b. You are required to arrive 15 minutes earlier
c. You are required to leave for a long time.
d. You are expected to be the first one to leave

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the first things that your supervisor may do?
a. leader
b. co-workers
c. co-worker.
d. keeper

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the first thing that your supervisor may do to help you make it through?
a. The First-day Work.
b. The First-day Work.
c. The First-Day Working, and the First Day work at a new job."
d. The First-day Work

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the reasons for a large amount of waste water flowing into oceans?
a. oil pollution in the waters
b. the sea pollution
c. the sea water in the oceans.
d. the sea' s size

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is almost impossible to measure in our oceans?
a. Oil from waste water and industrial waste.
b. Oil from waste water and industrial waste.
c. Oil in waste water, seas or ocean waters of the world's future!
d. Oil from waste water et industrial waste

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is illegal to do in the ocean?
a. Pouring oil at seaside.
b. Pouring oil into the sea.
c. Putting oil in the sea at seaside, and then drinking it for water to drink there."
d. Drinking oil on the sea side of the sea

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some people think could be ten times as high?
a. Some people think the figure for oil poured is estimated too low.
b. Some people think the figure for oil poured is too low.
c. Most people think the figure for oil poured is too low to be estimated at all, and it's too high in Europe alone than European waters every year!
d. Some people think the figure for oil poured is too low

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most common cause of death?
a. All the Oceans in the world are polluted by oil.
b. All the Oceans in the world are polluted by oil.
c. The sea is polluting all the oceans of the world now and then, too!
d. The sea is polluted with high amounts of poisonous substances

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a craft tool that can be used by young girls?
a. Sparrow-kids Routemaster Kit
b. JVC KD-10 Headphones
c. Biscuit-the Loving Pup.
d. Holz Wooden Airport

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the Star Wars Millennium Falcon?
a. gifts mainly for children
b. toys for children
c. toys that are very popular with parents.
d. toys made by fathers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the subject that authors take on?
a. introduce the topic
b. introduce the topic
c. explain why kids are disrespectful.
d. compare the topic with other subjects

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of parenting is demanding and controlling?
a. Authoritarian parenting.
b. Permissive parenting.
c. Firm but loving parenting, on the other hand; and robbery? .
d. Firm but loving parenting

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for a study of children in New Hampshire?
a. Allowing the kids to stay up late at weekends as the kids like.
b. Keeping the kids' parents warm and sensitive.
c. Having more self-control than children like to do so in their own way or the highways as they like at home, too!
d. Taking a "my way or the highway" approach to their kids with less violent behaviors

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do authors take a "my way or the highway" approach to?
a. they believe in and accept their parents
b. they are demanding and controlling
c. they have warm and receptive qualities.
d. they set few boundaries

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long did Tim Welford and Dom Mee spend?
a. For four months.
b. For three months.
c. For three weeks and a half years!
d. For five days

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Dom say about their rowboat?
a. nobody on the fishing ship saw them
b. They were very happy
c. They were very happy to see them.
d. They were very happy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Tim Welford and Dom Mee do to avoid the boat?
a. both of them existed after a dangerous time
b. They were able to escape from the boat
c. they were able to escape without any help.
d. They were able to escape after the accident

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did welford and Mee plan to do a rowing boat?
a. Tim and Dom were going to San Francisco in the rowboat because they had no money to buy airplane tickets.
b. They were going to Japan in the rowboat.
c. The boat was badly damaged by a fishing ship on September 17,2001, and they were going to go there for free at that time!
d. They were going to see a boat with no money from the boat

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mikey do to help him?
a. somewhere enjoying himself
b. Taking care of his mother
c. Going to school with him.
d. Reading the notes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did students say about the excuse notes?
a. They were more like stories than facts.
b. They were not easy to put together.
c. They were too hard for them if they were honest and boring in the end, or worse at all!
d. They were more interesting than stories

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mikey think was an excuse note?
a. He thought the headmaster would scold him.
b. He thought the headmaster would scold him.
c. His mother was OK and didn't like it at all in class, too."
d. He thought the teacher would be rude to him

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Mikey' eldest name?
a. Wise.
b. Kind.
c. Kind-hearted, and kind to others!
d. Kind

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the experience that international schools offer you?
a. Travelling experience.
b. A competitive salary.
c. A competitive salary and high-quality facilities, small class sizes."
d. A good teaching experience in a public or private school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the city that has a four year bachelor's degree?
a. Boston.
b. San Francisco.
c. San Francisco, and Atlanta!
d. San Francisco

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the experience that International Schools Services offers teaching overseas?
a. Accept the opportunity of a lifetime
b. Learn English in a foreign language
c. Get a bachelor's degree and a master's Degree.
d. Attend one of our International Recruitment Conference

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the boy from England Eric say about me?
a. "I" was not interested in what the girl said.
b. "I" was not interested in what the girl said.
c. I was not interested at all, but he didn't like it any more."
d. "I" was not interested in what the girl said

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the seven strangers do to see them?
a. Those students sitting in the corner had finished their food.
b. They were sitting in the cafeteria.
c. They had a tray of untouched food to eat at home and there was no one else standing beside them, too!
d. They were sitting on the floor with their friends outside

Correct Options is a.
Question: How old is Harry?
a. does't know he's a powerful wizard until he is 11 years old
b. is 11 years old
c. is 12 months older than James Cole.
d. is 11 years old

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the reasons for a computer hacker's quest?
a. help readers to choose the best movie they like
b. help readers to find the truth behind the mysterious force
c. help readers to find the way for their work.
d. help readers to find the right movie

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the nickname of "Rainbow Sheikh"?
a. Hamad is a man who is always so mean in his family
b. Hamad is a man who is very rich
c. Hamb is a man with a wealth of money.
d. Hamfdan has a personal fortune second to the Saudi King's

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Hamad Bin Hamdan Al Nahyan's name?
a. Maybe he just wanted to show off his wealth.
b. Maybe he was a philanthropist.
c. Perhaps he was a philanthropist in medicine and supplied the Kinney stone operating theatre to a public hospital, Morocco for his stuff of money!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Hamad Bin Hamdan Al Nahyan' sand?
a. The Rainbow Sheikh's name can be seen from space
b. The Rainbow Sheikh's name is so big that it can be seen from space
c. The rainbow sheikh' s name has been washed away by the ocean.
d. The Rainbow Sheikh's name is visible on Google Map service

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of person does Shawshank have?
a. He is quite an able person as a prisoner.
b. He is a politician.
c. He is able to get married in the prison at once, and then gets paroles for his wife's death!
d. He is a person who is willing to admit what he did as if he was twenty-five

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the person who can get cigarettes for you?
a. he has got to stay in prison
b. he has got to go shopping
c. he has got to go out of prison.
d. he has got to go back home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to the woman and son of Shawshank?
a. he had been angry for a long time with his father--in--law
b. he had been caught by the judge
c. he was caught in an accident.
d. he had been caught for three years

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a bad thing about Shawnhank?
a. He regrets having committed the crime.
b. He is not a politician.
c. He has no chance of parole in the future, and it's not as good as prisoning itself."
d. He doesn't like to be a politician or a politician

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of EWEP?
a. To attract more students to work in England.
b. To provide more students with work experience.
c. To help students from all over the world get a better understanding of the British social and eulturallife in England, to gain work experience or practice their English for at least two months."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the cost of EW.Ep?
a. To make more money in Britain.
b. To get a better understanding of the British social and eulturallife.
c. To gain work experience in Britain for at least two months, to practice their English or to get a better insight into the British life

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the minimum age of a student to apply for European Work Experience Program?
a. must be nationals from the countries mentioned in the text
b. Must be 18 to 28 years old
c. must have a good knowledge of English.
d. Must have a good understanding of the British social and eulturallife

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the service that E.W ep. provides for students from 25 countries?
a. going there in person by air
b. working in the UK for at least two months
c. having a good knowledge of English.
d. getting accustomed to working on weekends

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long will you be eligible to apply?
a. You'll work in the UK for at least two months if you attend the program.
b. You'll work in the UK for at least two months.
c. You'll work in the UK if you attend the program, and you'll be able to apply again or later on it all year round!
d. You'll work in the UK only after you have completed the program

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is the former president of the White House?
a. Al Gore doesn't agree with President Bush's Policy on climate.
b. Richard Branson is the head of the Virgin Business Company.
c. Richard Branson is a scientist who can apply a successful method to remove large amounts of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere, and it will be available for anyone in London on Friday afternoons!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main source of carbon dioxide released when it's burned?
a. fossil fuel is burned
b. oil is burned
c. wood releases it.
d. coal and wood are all fuels

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way to do that will be less?
a. reducing too much fossil fuel
b. reducing the amount of carbon dioxide
c. pumping more coal into the atmosphere.
d. reducing the amount of carbon dioxide

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the Virgin Business Company want to do?
a. An project is launched to award those who can find ways to solve an environmental problem.
b. The prize is a multi-million dollar international.
c. The prize will be available to anyone who can apply a successful method of removing large amounts of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere, and it will be a big success for the company's head in London on Friday afternoon!

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did the UK government announce that students would leave the UK after graduation?
a. Because post-study work visa will come to an end.
b. Because the domestic job market doesn't welcome them with open arms.
c. Because students have fluent English, creative minds and a serious attitude toward work is mainly to be used in Western ways of dealing with people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one problem that worries students?
a. employers prefer people who can work to those from top universities
b. The domestic job market doesn't welcome them with open arms
c. People who are not fluent in English can attract customers.
d. People who are unable to work have a serious attitude towards work

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the reasons for Wang Lu's plans?
a. returning students are expected to adapt to the new working environment
b. Chinese students are expected to have a good working environment
c. returning students are expected to work hard in the UK.
d. returning students are expected to be used to Western ways of dealing with people and things

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Wang Lu's job title?
a. In a newspaper.
b. In a story book.
c. On Xia Lei's blog, in the newspaper and on TV."
d. In a travel guidebook

Correct Options is a.
Question: How does a person feel about 'hot potato'?
a. is very difficult to deal with
b. is very difficult to understand
c. is very painful.
d. is very hard-working

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is "hot"?
a. All of the expressions made with the word hot are simple, easily-understood.
b. The word "hot" is a simple, easily-understood words.
c. The word "hot" has its own special words and expressions in every language of the United States to use it as a word for each language's expression or expression itself with the word hot."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the word "hot"?
a. to prevent accidental war between the two superpowers
b. to make people feel hot
c. because the cold war was a period known as "hot" and Cold War.
d. to make people feel angry easily

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did John and Booby leave wholesale?
a. he thought the boss didn't take his hard work seriously
b. he wanted to make more money
c. he wanted to get his resignation from the boss.
d. he wanted to find out who sold watermelons in the market

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did John and Booby do after graduation?
a. prove his abilities at work for himself
b. make a decision to change his mind
c. show his appreciation for the hard working workers.
d. promote those who said good words of him

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did John and Booby say were doing?
a. he was a more concerned businessman
b. he was a more successful businessman
c. he was a less successful company manager.
d. he was regarded as a hard working worker

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did John and Booby do to help their business?
a. detail plays a very important part in one's success
b. They were very busy working hard
c. they were very happy to work together.
d. They were very interested in their business

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did John and Booby do after graduation?
a. More Concerned, More Successful
b. More Interested, More Successful
c. More Concerned and More Successful.
d. More Interested

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a bad reputation for?
a. want to have fun and excitement
b. do something every day
c. do something once it's exciting.
d. do something one does more regularly

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Andy Warhol write about the power of doing?
a. Doing something every day or only once.
b. Doing something every day.
c. Taking great pleasure in doing things regularly and often, it's not exciting any more."
d. Doing something once or only twice each day

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Andy Warhol write about every day?
a. Power Of Everyday Repetition
b. The Benefits of Exercise
c. The Importance Of Routine.
d. The Difference Between New Things and New Things

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who was the producer of I Will Always Love You?
a. Byron Gallimore
b. Whitney Houston
c. Jessica Andrews.
d. Trisha Yearwood

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the song that she did?
a. After Andrews sang Who I Am,she became a star in her own right.
b. The Bodyguard sound track.
c. I Will Always Love You,the first album Andrews ever bought in 2007.
d. The Prince Of Egypt was the most popular song of her career

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the album that Andrews appeared on?
a. The Prince of Egypt.
b. Heart Shaped World.
c. I Will Be There For You, which was originally sung by Whitney Houston and the Bodyguard sound track of it all in 2006.
d. The Bodyguard Soundtrack

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is one of the few girls who have dreams come true?
a. Jessica Andrews' Success as a Singer
b. The Best Singer
c. The Best Song of the Year.
d. The Best Album in the World

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the first step in learning English?
a. understand everything at once
b. write in a diary
c. write your ideas at once.
d. write your achievements

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the first step in learning English?
a. To worry about making mistakes.
b. To learn something new.
c. To write in a diary every day, and to write it all at once!
d. To make sure that you are confident about learning English

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way that people can learn English?
a. There are ways to help you learn a second language more easily.
b. It is natural to make mistakes when you learn something new.
c. You can write in a diary every day and keep if you want it done correctly, or not do so at all!
d. You can understand everything easily after class

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of Big Brothers Big Sisters?
a. To provide partnership and fun for young people.
b. To help young people develop positive self-respect.
c. To provide tutors for young people in need of assistance and support from others' families, friends or family members to be friends with each other at home."
d. To make the students more comfortable by being a volunteer adult

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many hours does a Big Sister and Little Sister spend together?
a. 36 hours
b. 24 hours
c. 36 hour.
d. 48 hours

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Emily's mum think would benefit from the Big Brothers Big Sister?
a. a new way to assess herself
b. a new way to get involved in volunteering
c. relying on schoolmates for help.
d. a new way to make time

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Emily feel about the Big Brothers Big Sisters?
a. She felt a bit bored with her life.
b. She felt a little disappointed with her schoolmates.
c. She felt very happy about her work and play together at home, too!
d. She felt sad because she was not accepted by her schoolmates

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the project aim for?
a. Iphone is to take attendance at Japanese universities
b. The iPhone is to create a mobile information network between students and teachers
c. The iPhone is designed to make students feel comfortable in class.
d. The iPhone is intended for the first year students

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of the iPhone application?
a. develop a special classroom
b. make a mobile information network between students and professors
c. help students to take attendance in class.
d. provide video podcasts of lectures

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do students use to make their name on a sheet?
a. Type in their ID and class numbers into iphone
b. Enter the room
c. Write their name on a sheet.
d. Check which router they have logged in to

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of the iPhone?
a. It will receive some other uses.
b. It will be used to check students' attendance.
c. It will be a convenient way for teachers to take attendance in class, and it will be tested by the university itself at Aoyama Gakuin University!
d. It is intended to improve students' privacy or track them down

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a letter written by Zhai Mingjun?
a. A reply from space
b. A letter from the spaceship
c. A letter taken into space by Fei and Nie.
d. A letter written by Zhai Mingjun

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Zhai Mingjun write about her?
a. how the letter from space makes the students care more for astronautics
b. how the letter from space makes the students feel happy and warm
c. how the letter from space makes the students feel proud of her.
d. how she was a 16-year-old girl in the class

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Zhai Mingjun write about her life?
a. A composition con test had been held before the spaceship was launched
b. The spaceship was launched in the Sixth Shenzhou Space Ship
c. The two astronauts were very happy to be part of it.
d. The mascot for US astronauts is very interesting

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who took Zhais' letter into space?
a. Fei and Nie succeeded in traveling space in the Sixth Shenzhou Spaceship.
b. Zhai Mingjun was a 16-year-old girl.
c. The two astronauts were very lonely during such he long space trip, and they would feel happy when reading Zhais' letter to the students in class."

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where do most of us go to spend their lives seeking the natural world?
a. sitting in the garden
b. Visiting the park
c. Visiting the river.
d. Having a picnic

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main benefit of ADHD children?
a. A garden nearby improves the quality of old people's life.
b. A garden in the countryside is more important than a garden.
c. The natural world is more important for children to live longer and better, too!
d. Children have more access to nature because of their poor health

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Sandra Keierleber's name?
a. Common
b. Strong
c. Strong.
d. Hard

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did I first meet Sandra?
a. she was at college
b. she was in college
c. She was at school.
d. She was in the university

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Sandra Keierleber say is a great person?
a. She is popular with her teammates
b. She is the tallest
c. She is the fastest.
d. She is the tallest

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Sandra stand out?
a. She worked hard and never gave up.
b. She was the tallest.
c. She was the fastest in volleyball games, and she was the first to arrive at a tryouts for her teammate's help!
d. She was the last to leave after the tryouts

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way researchers are working on ways to reopen their window?
a. Removing certain proteins from the brain can wipe painful memories.
b. Removing certain proteins from the brain can wipe painful memories.
c. The protein helps signals travel within the brain as painful memories are made, and they can be easily removed with drugs or behavior therapy to cut memory forever."
d. The process of removing a memory is a little scary

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for a loss of memory?
a. People may lose the chance to learn from their bad experiences.
b. People may lose the chance to learn from their bad experiences.
c. People may lose the chance to learn by themselves and others' mistakes, too!
d. People may lose the chance to learn from their bad experiences

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for the climbers to try to test themselves against Qomolangma?
a. They are often crowded.
b. They are too busy.
c. They have to wait for hours in the bottlenecks on the way up there, and do die at night!
d. They can't get along well with others

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the world's tallest rubbish dump?
a. created works of art using rubbish from Qomolangma
b. climbed the 8,844m mountain
c. cleaned up all kinds of rubbish from base camps to peak.
d. collected 1.5 tons of garbage brought down by climbers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the worlds tallest rubbish dump?
a. Qomolangma has Become a Huge Mess
b. Qomolangma is a dangerous place
c. QOmolangmas is crowded and badly polluted.
d. The Everest Peakeers Association has helped collect tons of rubbish

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the focus of the report this year on?
a. Pension
b. Health
c. Income.
d. Ability

Correct Options is a.
Question: What country is the top 10 in the Global Age Watch Index?
a. New Zealand
b. Sweden
c. Switzerland.
d. Japan

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the Global Age Watch Index do?
a. it makes little sense to rank countries from best to worst in the world to grow old
b. it is a new way to compare and rank countries from best to worst in the world
c. it is a good way for people to be able to carry on contributing employment.
d. it makes little sense to rate countries from top to worst

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main ranking of Norway's social policy index?
a. get governments and people to care more about older people in the world
b. compare and rank countries from best to worst Countries in the world
c. report older people's retirement saving on their own.
d. compare and rank countries from best to worst

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who selected Kobe Bryant in 1996?
a. The Los Angels Lakers
b. Michael Jordan
c. NBC Sport columnists.
d. The NBA fans and newspaper columnists

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long did Kobe Bryant wear the No.8 on his back?
a. for ten years
b. for ten years
c. after 10 seasons.
d. before the play-offs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Bryant's goal?
a. He wants to show that he is man of great importance.
b. He wants to make more money by selling new jerseys.
c. He wants to compare himself with Michael Jordan and his teammates in the future, too!
d. He wants to show that he is not famous for his No. 23 jersey

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who should be able to make living out of bookshops?
a. an educated shop-owner
b. a book-owner
c. he or she is an educated shop owner.
d. hone-man and a bookeller

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a bookeller do when they were on sale?
a. he was unable to be honest about the books he sold
b. he was not able to make a living in the bookshop
c. he was not able to find out the truth about his books.
d. he was too tired to go to bed

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did nothing pleased me as a result of the bookshop?
a. valuable ones bought on sale
b. a lot of books on sale
c. a lot of books in the corner shop.
d. a lot of books sold at a time

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most common reason for a bookshop?
a. which are interesting but hard to borrow
b. which are boring and tiresome
c. that is not easy to learn.
d. which are too expensive

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of contest was Dan Cook's famous name?
a. sport
b. opera
c. opera.
d. wedding

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the phrase that a bride ties in knot?
a. Under the weather.
b. In the Hindu marriage ceremony.
c. Under the seasickness of people's life in time and age."
d. Under the moon

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the term for a wedding?
a. "Many happy returns"is often used when people celebrate birthdays.
b. "Many happy returns"is often used in wedding ceremonies.
c. "Many happy returns"is often used when people celebrate birthdays."
d. "Many happy returns"is often used during marriage ceremony

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has fascinated me for a long time?
a. tell us the origins of some phrases
b. tell us the meaning of some phrases
c. tell us the origins and their meaning.
d. tell us the reasons for some phrases

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the government pass laws to do?
a. protect the endangered animals
b. kill the animals
c. kill all kinds of animals.
d. protect the animals

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why have humans been killing animals?
a. They kill animals for something they need.
b. They are not good friends to animals.
c. They have been polluting the environment for thousands of years, and they are dangerously dangerous in nature!
d. They kill animals because they are too old or too old

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does each type of animal have its place in?
a. every kind of animal is important in nature
b. animals are more than resources of things we need
c. animal is more important in nature.
d. animals are more than just resources

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one thing that I teach students to do in order for them to improve their writing?
a. To introduce an effective way of improving students' writing.
b. To show their ability to write.
c. To improve students' writing skills in class every day and every week, at least one month each year!
d. To encourage students to learn more about writing than before

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main benefit of journal writing?
a. It is beneficial to students' future career.
b. It is a good way to improve students' moral and emotional development.
c. It helps students to develop their writing skills in the future academic, political or emotional lives of others."
d. It makes students more confident than other students

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my mother say about me?
a. at that moment the answer seemed especially true.
b. I was deaf when my grandpa died.
c. My mother was very smart at that moment, but she didn't know the most important part of the body is now and then again."
d. I was surprised to hear her answer because she was too young for her grandma

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my mom want?
a. The mother wanted the author to be both loving and loved.
b. The author wanted to be smarter than the author.
c. The author wanted to know the most important part of the body is very important for the author's eyes and ears, too!
d. The mother wanted the author to have enough love in life

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my mom ask me about the most important part of body?
a. The Most Import ant Body Part
b. The Most Important Body Part
c. The Most Important Body part.
d. The Most Important Body Part

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the FAO say is causing people to go hungry?
a. there is difficulty solving the food shortage in a short time
b. the food shortage is a threat to people's health
c. the food shortage has been solved in a short time.
d. the food shortage has been solved by the UN

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason Ghana has reached two hunger reduction targets?
a. the growth in agricultural production
b. the rising food prices
c. the growing population in South Asia.
d. the increasing number of people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What country has reached two hunger reduction targets?
a. North Korea
b. South Asia
c. Vietnam.
d. Thailand

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a threat to people's health?
a. The food shortage around the world
b. The food prices in the world
c. The economic crisis.
d. The growth of agricultural production

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name for judo?
a. a kind of fighting
b. a kind of science
c. a kind of medicine.
d. an art

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do the figures for crime go up?
a. The number of violence and crime is increasing every year.
b. The number of violence and crime is increasing every year.
c. The number of violence goes up by year in a dangerous world, or the number of crimes increases annually at present!
d. The number of violence and crime is increasing each year

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the person who is not judo know can do?
a. The woman was able to defend herself.
b. The woman was able to move.
c. The woman could defend herself and her friends' bodies in the street, so that she can't hurt himself at all!
d. The woman was able to fight with others

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do you use judo?
a. can help himself by using the other person's body
b. can move easily
c. can't hurt himself.
d. can' t move

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Jiu-jitsu mean?
a. Something about judo
b. A student of judo
c. A student who is stronger than you.
d. A student in a violent world

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my mother educate her children to do?
a. Her son's not having good table manners.
b. Her son's eating at their dinner tables.
c. Her son' s eating in the wild with her friends and family members, too!
d. Her son's eating on pins and needles

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my mother teach her kids to have good manner?
a. was strict about her children's manners
b. was very polite to her children
c. was very careful with their manners.
d. was a good example of her children's behavior

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was one of the most valuable things that I had to say about my son?
a. Painful and valuable
b. Excited and embarrassing
c. Unforgettable but embarrassing.
d. Exciting

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my mom teach her children to do?
a. thanks her mother for teaching her the good manners a lot
b. scold her children for not having good manners
c. sat on pins and needles to make them feel uncomfortable.
d. sat with her friends, eating at their dinner tables

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do most people feel good around late morning and then decline in the early afternoon?
a. In the early evening.
b. In the early morning.
c. At night and then in the late afternoon, too!
d. By midday or evening

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the body clock influence?
a. Timing is everything
b. Time is time
c. We react to medicines.
d. We learn music

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Panettiere do with Japanese fishermen?
a. They tried to stop the fishermen from killing the dolphins.
b. They tried to stop the dolphins from being driven into a nearby pool.
c. They tried to kill the dolphins by boathook and stopped them in the water with a boatshake, too! .
d. They tried to get rid of the dolphins' head out

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Panettiere say about the dolphins?
a. was really frightened and sad
b. was really angry and sad
c. was really worried about them.
d. was really excited

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who was the surfer who tried to stop dolphins being killed?
a. Hayden Panettiere Cried in the Sea of Japan
b. The Japanese fishermen
c. The Japanese police.
d. The Japanese people

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who wrote the Herald?
a. a certain Mr.R.Hogg
b. a certain Mr.Hogg
c. he was the author of the Herald's letter to Sir and his readers."
d. he was the writer who wrote the Herald

Correct Options is a.
Question: What would be solved if local government built a multi-storey car park?
a. parking problems in the city center
b. pedestrians' safety problems
c. public transport problem.
d. parking problems in the city center

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for Mr.Hogg's letter?
a. careless parking may cause serious traffic accidents
b. The government should make more money to protect pedestrians
c. the number of pedestrians is increasing in Britain.
d. There are many accidents caused by illegal parking

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason Mr.Hogg's letter was written?
a. all who do dangerous parking
b. all who are too lazy to use public transport
c. all who have a good habit of parking.
d. all who have a bad attitude towards the traffic

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of tour does Harley Davidson offer?
a. A motorcycle riding adventure.
b. A tour of the Grand Canyon.
c. A tour on Route 66, which lasts two weeks and is long for one week or so in advance!
d. A tour that can be found on the open road

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the canyon in Northern Arizona?
a. visit the Grand Canyon
b. Walk the Lewis and Clark Trail
c. Venture Route 66.
d. Ride on the famous route

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the greatest wild West vacation locations?
a. William Clark was a pioneer who explored the west.
b. Mariwether Lewis was a pioneer who traveled the west.
c. Harley Davidson offered motorcycle tours that last two weeks in Astorian, Oregon and St. Louis all over America."
d. Visit Deadwood is based on an old western film

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for Alaska's lakes to melt earlier than in 1950?
a. Arctic lakes are losing ice.
b. The ice season near Barrow is shorter than in 1950.
c. The winter ice season near Barrow,Alaska has been shorter since the 1950s and 1970's now."
d. The changes in lake thickness have contributed to warmer air temperatures

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Cristina Surdu?
a. are totally beyond Surdu's expectations
b. are a scientist
c. is a researcher of the University Of Waterloo.
d. is a scientist from the University of Waterloo

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long did the lake ice last?
a. 24 days.
b. 18 days.
c. 24 hours, and a half weeks later."
d. 24 days

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is advertising color1?
a. the color1 of the ladybugs tells meat-eating animals they taste terrible
b. the color1 of the ladybugs tells meat-eating animals they taste terrible
c. the color1 of the ladybugs warns meat-eat animals that their food tastes bad.
d. the color1 of the ladybugs tells meat- eating animals they taste terrible

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of food did Bruno create to help his wife and daughters?
a. cookers
b. underwear
c. socks.
d. books

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the goal of Bruno's experiment?
a. Live with 100 Things
b. Remake My Life
c. Keep Up with Personal Things.
d. Remake my Life and Regained My Soul

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some dreams misht be connected to?
a. the process of understanding
b. the music
c. the memory of others.
d. better memory

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does a cognitive study look at?
a. see how dreams and learning are connected
b. find out why people dream
c. find out how the brain and nervous system work.
d. find out what the brain and nervous system are

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does no one know for certain?
a. what people dream
b. what people dream
c. what people dream.
d. what people dream

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Chinese loan to Japan raise?
a. the pair of pandas from China brought hope of improving Sino-Japanese relations
b. the pair of pandas from China were set to arrive in Tokyo's Ueno Zoo
c. the pair of pandas will be the first at Uena Zoo since April 2008.
d. the pair of pandas will be the first at Uenn Zoo

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the expectation of a pandas to be brought in by Japan?
a. they will stay there for 10 years
b. they will be the first pandas at Ueno Zoo
c. they will be the first to arrive in Tokyo's Ueno Zoe.
d. they will be the first pandas at Uen O

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long will the pandas stay in Japan?
a. 15 years
b. 20 years
c. 10 years.
d. 15 years

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the country that will be used to do in Ueno Zoo?
a. attracting 3.5 million visitors from China
b. installing under-floor heating
c. a playground with sandbox and landscaping.
d. improving diplomatic relations between Tokyo, Beijing

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the question that the Chinese people ask?
a. give you a piece of advice on a job interview
b. ask you a question about the interviewer's personality
c. ask you if you want to know what your actual feelings are.
d. ask you a question that is not easy for you

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the Keirsy Personality Sorter?
a. They try to discover the ability of the interviewees solving problems.
b. They try to show the applicant's true personality.
c. They try to find out the correct answer in an aptitude test and fail because they don't understand what the interviewee is looking for at all, too!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the first step in a Chinese aptitude test?
a. learn to tell what they really think
b. learn to know what the examiner wants.
c. learn to understand how the interviewer is looking for them."
d. learn to guess what the examineor wants to see

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is an example of a question that can be found in China?
a. the aptitude test is becoming popular worldwide
b. the interviewer is a good employer
c. the interviewer is a good employer.
d. the interviewer is not clever enough

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a young man do in his house?
a. to work
b. to play
c. To play games.
d. to play

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the young man say to his servant?
a. he wanted to get pleasure
b. he wanted to be unkind
c. he wanted to be unkind.
d. a nice man

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the young man say to his servant?
a. he was afraid to be fired
b. he was not kind to his servant
c. a nice, kind man.
d. he was afraid of being fired

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the servant say to him on Wednesday?
a. He put mud into the young man's coffee.
b. He was not kind to the young man.
c. He was not kind enough for his work on Monday, but smiled again and then laughed loudly in a loud voice."
d. He put some more mud into the young man's coffee

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did a young man laugh?
a. Because the servant showed kind and nice behaviour to him
b. Because the servant was not angry.
c. because the servant was not kind to him and he didn't like laughing any more at all."
d. Because the servant was very rude

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why is it difficult for one person to possess superior capacities throughout the entire period of their children?
a. parents do not realize they cannot perform equally well through a child's growth
b. parents are at their best before their children begin to speak
c. parents are at their best when they have a child's independence.
d. parents feel more awkward and uncomfortable with a younger child

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do parents need to accept?
a. they realize their weaknesses in raising children
b. they are not good at raising children
c. they have to be a good parent.
d. they can understand the child's weaknesses

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why are parents difficult to understand?
a. they do not always have the help of other family members in child-raising
b. they are not good at expressing their feelings
c. they have no ability to understand the child's weaknesses.
d. they can't understand the children' faults of personality and limitations

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a traditional way to spend the holiday?
a. Weeping over the passed-away.
b. Burning paper or incense.
c. Leaving offerings of food and flowers on the way to Almond Flower Village, near city centre for visitors' families."
d. Visiting their ancestors' graves

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a Chinese national holiday?
a. People have the custom of flying kites on Qing Ming.
b. People have the custom of flying kites on Qing Ming.
c. People have the custom of flying kites in a forest to burn paper or incense and money for their family members' lives at home, too!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the Chinese national holiday?
a. show traditional and present ways to spend Qingming Festival .
b. show the importance of celebrating Qingming Festival.
c. tell people how to save money on Tomb Sweeping Day, and then fly kites in China for fun!
d. show the significance of Qingming festival

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do scientists learn how babies look at the world?
a. By watching their mothers' facial expression.
b. By examining signs during emergencies.
c. By using the wearable eye-trackers in experiments and researches of scientists' work, too!
d. By making eye movements every second for 150,000 motions daily

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of research is the eye-tracking equipment used to learn how babies look at the world?
a. Surprising.
b. Exciting.
c. Unbelievable and surprisingly efficient!
d. Quite interesting

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the journal that uses eye-tracking equipment?
a. a science magazine about children's actions
b. a science magazine about children's behavior <sep>. a science journal for children to learn languages and language skills."
c. a science fiction on children'ing behaviour

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are some of the reasons students use computers?
a. To Type or to Handwrite .
b. To Write or to Write.
c. To Write and Type by Hand, but not By Writing on Computers?
d. To Write with a Pen And Paper

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a reason computers are being applied more often to modern education?
a. they can correct the mistakes they make quickly and conveniently
b. they can make mistakes quickly and easily
c. they can correct the mistakes that they make in order to solve them.
d. they can change their ideas into words

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason students use computers to write on paper?
a. Handwriting can impress people well and build one's self-confidence .
b. Computers are becoming more and more popular in China.
c. People don't know how to write on paper because of their computer keyboardses, too much money or too little time for them at all

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do teachers think computers are being applied?
a. more and more students will pay attention to handwriting
b. computers are becoming more and more popular in China
c. computers are becoming more and more popular among students.
d. computers are becoming more and more popular nowadays

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of home decor can you feel less like?
a. full
b. big
c. small.
d. large

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a home improvement idea?
a. Only kids get homesick, grownups never feel homesick
b. Kids are upset, sad and maybe scared.
c. Children don't feel homesick because of their parents or their loved ones."
d. Kids don' a lot of people get homesick than usual

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can be scary when you're gone?
a. the people and things they get used to are around them
b. You'll feel more homesick than usual
c. You'll feel more homesick. His or her friends will be in touch with you and you can talk about them at once!
d. You'll feel more homesick if your parents are getting divorced

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people are there in a home?
a. four
b. three
c. five.
d. six

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the term for being home?
a. Homesickness
b. Friendship
c. Friends' Love.
d. Friends and family

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long do people spend on a phone?
a. On average, work-related calls are only half as long as personal calls.
b. On average, work-related calls are twice as long on personal call.
c. Only half of those conversations are work-related and personal ones spend more time than people do in the past year or so now!
d. Most people don't like to chat with their friends at all

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a quarter of respondents think they didn't mind calling after 10 pm?
a. calls around midnight are acceptable to some people
b. they didn't like to talk with the caller
c. they didn' stood their phones at midnight.
d. they didn'm not interested in calling up until 10 pm

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do whales use to make sounds over a range of at least seven octaves?
a. They can create pleasing patterns of music.
b. They can make sounds in a ratio.
c. They can make sound at the same time as human musicians and ears everywhere, to create music for them."
d. They can mix sounds like drums and pure tones with a similar length--a few seconds

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the science that shows?
a. Music-making, an ancient activity of both humans and animals.
b. Music-making, an original human "business".
c. Music-making is a universal feature of the human species.
d. Music-making, an art form with skillful performers throughout the animal kingdom

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do researchers believe the love of music is a universal feature of human species?
a. inform and explain
b. explain and describe
c. prove but not to say.
d. explain

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Mozart's musical tradition?
a. the Court Chapel
b. the Imperial Palace
c. the Pyramid Fields.
d. the Taj Mahal

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the most beautiful city landmarks in Europe?
a. The introduction of the historic center of Vienna
b. The Renaissance of the Habsburgs
c. The Ring Boulevard era.
d. The Renaissance in Vienna

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to Rhode Island's economy in six months?
a. During the last half year, our economy has grown fastest since 2003.
b. The unemployment rate is below 6 percent.
c. We have made the right choices to help more women get ahead in today's economy."
d. We haven't seen the gains of a growing economy yet felt by everyone

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the problem that women have in Rhode Island?
a. Get rid of racial discrimination.
b. Pay more for their work.
c. Make up half of the workers in America, and get ahead with them now."
d. Get rid of racial discrimination

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important thing about Rhode Island?
a. It's time to help women and working families.
b. It's time to make up half of the workers.
c. It'll be a good place for women and their families in life."
d. It's time to help more women get ahead with economic challenges

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the biggest risk factor in cancer deaths?
a. Obesity.
b. Sun damage.
c. Physical inactivity and smoking!
d. Smoking

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good time to think about taking up some healthy habits?
a. it's OK to drink wine during festivals
b. it's OK to drink some wine during the holidays
c. it's OK not to ban beef pies and wine at festivals.
d. it'll be good for people to drink more alcohol

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Cancer Research UK believe can be a major factor in cancer?
a. Cancer is greatly linked to our lifestyle.
b. Smoking is the biggest risk factor.
c. Obesity contributes to 88,000 cases of cancer and alcohol in 2011.
d. The number of cancers has been increasing steadily since 2007.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Julie' family that had fallen on hard times?
a. Mears' Family Store
b. Bernie's Family
c. The Garden Space in the stor.
d. The Garden space beside the store

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Bernie lose interest in everything?
a. the worry about the store
b. the poor quality of his food
c. the lack of money to buy goods.
d. The bad weather in the store

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did the customer experience a difference in their service?
a. By providing customers with different services.
b. By bringing in more customers.
c. By offering different services to customers and their families, as well As by offering different products for customers' needs of service."
d. By providing the customer with an experience that is different from others

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the effect of the depression on Bernie's business?
a. increasing
b. reducing
c. increasing.
d. increasing

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Melville' upcoming book, Moby Dick, do?
a. Adventurous voyages and foreign experiences.
b. A trip to the front line and a good job.
c. The Civil War, an interesting story of a great author's life in America."
d. A special way to make friends with the public

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Melville's second book?
a. sold a little better than Pierre.
b. was a little better than Pierre.
c. was much better and more popular with readers in foreign countries, too!
d. was a lot more interesting to read as well as the other two novels

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Melville's first book called?
a. a literary journal.
b. a story book.
c. a storybook for the public to read in America, and abroad."
d. a story-telling magazine

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Mellon' upcoming book?
a. The ups and downs of Melville.
b. The Civil War.
c. The Civil War and the Civil War, in America or Canada."
d. The history of Melville's poetry

Correct Options is a.
Question: What effect does black have on women?
a. makes the wearer less energetic
b. makes the wearer feel exhausted
c. makes the wearers feel upset and tired.
d. makes the wearer feel more relaxed

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the "warm" skin tone?
a. a woman from eastern Asia may not look young with black against her face
b. a woman from eastern Asia may not look young with black against her face
c. if you want to wear black, you should wear black well.
d. if you want to wear black close to your face and look great

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can black clothing highlight?
a. dark areas or shadows on the face
b. dark lines under the chin
c. wrinkles around the eyes and face.
d. dark lines on the forehead or under the head

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did the Morgan Center help other families?
a. to provide a healthy place for children with cancer
b. to help the children with cancer.
c. to make the center more popular and popular in America."
d. to improve their health

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do the Zuchs wash their own and children'd hand frequently?
a. The kids have to keep their hands clean.
b. The kids have to play with others.
c. They have to spend their days in hospital rooms or lying at home,too and keep their hands clean!
d. The kids have to give their own toys for free

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the government do to help children with cancer?
a. The Center is run by the government.
b. The Center is a non-profit organization.
c. The Center is a small organization for children with cancer and their families to work together in the center,nty or other areas of America."
d. The Center is a place where kids can play games without any germs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the Morgan Center?
a. Long Island's first preschool for kids with cancer
b. The first preschool for kids with cancer
c. The first preschool in New York.
d. The second preschool for kids with leukemia

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Steve Jobs leave Apple?
a. had financial problems.
b. was too busy to work.
c. was too expensive for his job in college, and he didn't want to go back home at all!
d. He wanted to be a lawyer because of his bad health

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did Steve Jobs start his company?
a. developed from a garage
b. was founded by his mother
c. became a big company with over 4000 employees.
d. was fired from the company

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does interest in Steve Jobs mean?
a. Interest is key to success.
b. Interest is the key to success.
c. Interest is the key of success and failures in life, too!
d. Interest is the key to success

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is known by millions of people in their own countries?
a. common people
b. the TV producers
c. the young people.
d. the television viewers

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is asked to vote or apply for the show?
a. TV viewers who telephone reality TV shows
b. TV producers who watch reality shows
c. TV viewers that make pop stars.
d. TV viewers which make a record

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the show that has become big business?
a. reality TV will do well in many countries.
b. Pop Idol is the most popular show in the world.
c. The first series of Big Brother was shown two years later and it was shown by 15 million people now, there are 20 countries around the world on TV screens to watch reality television again or then at once!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the new teacher do when they were in class?
a. showed that she would like to be a friend of the girls and boys'
b. showed that she was a good teacher.
c. said that she would like to be able to make friends with the boys and girls' in class."
d. said that she would like to have all of her friends together

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the teacher say to each girl and boy?
a. you talk with him in a friendly way
b. you are a good teacher
c. you are a nice girl and he is a good boy.
d. You are very kind to him

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way to get to know girls and boys in class?
a. Find out your differences.
b. Play the same games.
c. Ride bikes with you and get a good rest in class!
d. Make friends by doing the same thing as this teacher did

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a new teacher do on the first day of school?
a. How to Make Friends
b. How to Make Friends
c. How to Make Friends with the Boys and Girls in her class.
d. How to Make Friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of Frito-Lay?
a. People all over the world enjoy eating their company's potato chips
b. People in the world are interested in their company's potato chips
c. The company' s strategy is to develop its global brand.
d. People in the 21st century are drawn to "global" as a concept

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the definition of "global"?
a. consumers worldwide today are attracted by global brands
b. consumers worldwide are connected across cultures by shared beliefs and tastes
c. young people have a perfect "saddle curl" with a perfect.
d. consumers in the 21st century are attracted by global brands

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of Frito-Lay's potato chip?
a. will be in the interest of the local people
b. will be a weapon for global domination
c. will help the local people to develop their business.
d. will make the company more successful

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are some of the relaxation techniques?
a. Muscles become tense and the body sweats easily.
b. The body's oxygen consumption is reduced.
c. The heart beat decreases and the body sweats easily in a chair, or even on foot at night!
d. The body'Sympathy system activity decreases

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do some physiological changes occur during the body?
a. to achieve a state of deep relaxation is possible through various means
b. the body's oxygen consumption is reduced.
c. the heart beat decreases, muscle tension and sweating ease are decreased in a state of deep relaxation."
d. the body's blood pressure increases

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for a state of deep relaxation?
a. objective
b. logical
c. objective.
d. disciplined

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the first part of creativity?
a. To buy some books from a bookstore.
b. To make use of the camera lenses.
c. To create an unusual photograph in a new way, to find a better way for study or to arrange our furniture and other things at home."
d. To ask for some new ideas from geniuses

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one part of creativity?
a. a new thing can only be created at the basis of earliest things
b. a new thing can only be created at the beginning of our life
c. a new thing is only created by the courage and drive.
d. a new thing can only be created in the first place

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one thing that makes the creativity part of?
a. One may come up with a new thought,but can not put it into practice.
b. One may find a better way to arrange his furniture.
c. One may find remaking or combining the old in new ways,and can not achieve some new results at all!
d. One may find if there is nothing new under the sun

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Elizabeth Mitchell think was the most important thing about the Status?
a. the Statue of Liberty wasn't originally regarded as a symbol of hope
b. the Statue of Liberty was a symbol of hope
c. the Statule of Liberty was regarded as a symbol for success.
d. the Statuse of Liberty was viewed as a symbol of courage

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the goal of Elizabeth Mitchell's new book?
a. To achieve his dream to create the largest statue.
b. To show his brave spirit.
c. To show his courage to sail in America and Egypt, for example."
d. To show his great service

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Elizabeth Michell's work about the Statue of Liberty?
a. A book review
b. A story book
c. An advertisement.
d. A storybook

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the biggest benefit of improving total cholesterol levels?
a. preventing women from having heart disease
b. reducing the rate of heart disease in women
c. reducing the risk for death and heart diseases.
d. reducing the number of people who have no activity during the day

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the study that shows that frequent exercise throughout the day can have great health benefits?
a. Good Health Advice--take the Stairs
b. The Stairs
c. The Stair-climbing Program.
d. The Stair Climbing Programme

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the project that focuses on Chinese people?
a. He took part in the project "Dear to speak"
b. He was a taxi driver
c. His first "passenger" in Beijing.
d. He was a cook at a Shanghai university canteen

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who did Matthew Knowles's "passengers" have?
a. a foreign store owner
b. a cook in he canteen
c. sex workers from China.
d. a cook

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the aim of a taxi driver?
a. remind language learners of the goal of learning
b. show the importance of speaking in real life
c. tell the drivers how to communicate with foreigners.
d. test the willingness of Chinese people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does China do to make it happen?
a. China is playing a more important part in the world economy
b. China is the world's factory
c. America and China made up half of global economic growth last year.
d. China is the biggest market in the world

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is China's economic stability related to?
a. The stable economy of China has done a great deal to the development of the world.
b. China's participation is a natural part of its increasingly important role in the global economy.
c. The world'S factory and the biggest market are all affected by China."
d. China's contribution to developing countries has been greatly reduced

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is China's economic stability?
a. Chinese producers as well as American consumers contribute a lot to the growth of the world economy
b. China is the world's factory and the biggest market
c. America makes up half of the global economic growth last year.
d. China'a participation has been closely related to the world development

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the two things Hu Jintao met with?
a. Two.
b. One.
c. Three, and three."
d. Four

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Hu say he would certainly welcome?
a. increasing Microsoft's investment in China
b. a further increase in Microsoft's investment
c. enforcing laws to protect intellectual property rights.
d. restoring the Chinese president'

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of China' upcoming president?
a. Hu Visits Microsoft.
b. President George W. Bush
c. President Hu Jintao's friend of Microsoft Corp. and CEO Steve Ballmer, in Chinatown."
d. President George W. Bush is a Chinese-American governor

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Kiger' traumatic injury?
a. Soccer Injury Wipeed Out Teen's Memory
b. The Cause of the Injury
c. A New Life on a Soccer Field.
d. A Long-term Amnesia brought On by Kiger's Brain

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of injury did doctors think was unusual?
a. surprising
b. painful
c. serious.
d. severe

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did doctors think of Kiger's memory after the accident?
a. life was new to Kiger
b. Kiger's family was not good at it
c. Kiger' s parents were too busy to help him.
d. Kiger' her father didn't like her

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Dana Kiger's name?
a. Now she appears on the soccer field again.
b. She is a soccer player.
c. Her parents are all in the same age and she is a football star now, too!
d. She is a soccer player who is a soccer player with no memory of her family or childhood

Correct Options is a.
Question: How does cyber-bullying affect people?
a. It can be stopped through our efforts.
b. It can be harmful to people.
c. It can make the Internet more popular and more powerful than other media's in use of technology, too!
d. It can help prevent children from being depressed or unable to concentrate

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the dangers that can arise from cyber bullying?
a. How to prevent cyber-bullying.
b. How to make technology constructive.
c. How to make technology constructive and destructive for young people's lives better than traditional schoolyard bullying, or cyberbullying?
d. How to make the Internet more popular with children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Dirk Kempthorne do?
a. He was asked to put polar bears on the US endangered species list.
b. He was asked to help the US government.
c. He was asked to make a report on global warming by 2050, and then put it into action in his spare time."
d. He was asked to do research on polar bears' survival of seals

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why would the Arctic be warming faster than anywhere else in the world?
a. Because polar bears can't catch enough food without ice.
b. Because polar bears depend on floating sea ice.
c. Because polar bears depend on floating sea icy water as a platform for hunting seals,which are their main food in time and space to live with them at night."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for the warming of Antarctica?
a. polar bears will disappear even faster than they ever expected
b. polar bears will be forced to go onto the land
c. polar bears will adapt to the life on the land in time.
d. polar bears will depend on floating sea ice as a platform for hunting seal

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of fruit does Matt grow?
a. fruit trees
b. fruit trees
c. fruit plants.
d. fruit flowers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Matt do to him?
a. selling his vegetables , fruit and flowers
b. eats his vegetables and fruits
c. eating some fruit, apples or flowers.
d. listening to music

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does music help Matt grow?
a. music helps his plants a lot
b. music helps his plants a lot
c. music makes him a lot of money.
d. music makes him more beautiful

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do people ask about Matt?
a. Matt' s garden is better than theirs
b. Matt' s garden is better than their own
c. Matt' s garden is better and better.
d. Matt' s garden is more beautiful

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do people ask Matt to grow his garden?
a. they are jealous  of him
b. they are afraid of him
c. they don' t know about it.
d. they want to make friends with him

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of the OPI internship program?
a. on the Internet intended for college students to read
b. on the Internet intended for college students to read
c. in a newspaper meant for college students' reading.
d. in a magazine designed for college students to read

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the company that offers over 300 jobs?
a. positions in VW
b. jobs in Boeing
c. positions for marketing.
d. positions in Xi'an

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the job title of the OPI internship?
a. be good at document writing
b. work in the U.S and Canada
c. be interested at business development
d. have communication ability

Correct Options is a.
Question: What doesChen ShuChu need to do?
a. everything except food and a bed
b. Everything except food and a bed
c. everything but food.
d. everything

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Chen say about her stall?
a. Because she often arrives early and leaves late in the market.
b. Because she is the first person to arrive in the market.
c. Because she has a lot of money and doesn't have any desire for material gains or enjoyment at all,he said."
d. Because she likes to work 16 hours a day

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of people doChen ShuChu have?
a. hardworking and selfless
b. hardworking and lazy
c. clever but boring.
d. generous and friendly

Correct Options is a.
Question: What doesChen ShuChu do to her vegetable stall?
a. She cares about what clothes she wears very much.
b. She is a good customer.
c. She has received many honours and rewards from her father's office in the market of Asia-Pacific region,China."
d. She donates to help poor children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Chester want for the child?
a. accompany Lucas to enjoy his time left
b. help Lucas to become accustomed with his illness
c. help him learn how to make friends.
d. help Lucas to develop the ability of the body

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where did Chester find Juno?
a. searching on the Internet
b. driving to the police station
c. in a newspaper.
d. in a newspaper

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the illness that led to him losing his ability to speak?
a. Lucas recovered from the disease accompanied by Juno.
b. The disease stopped the body's ability to process enzymes.
c. The illness caused Lucas' brain damage and his physical abilities degraded quickly in a vegetative state, too!
d. The disease was caused by the loss of his ability to speak

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the story about Juno and Lucas?
a. A love for a dog, a companion for a boy
b. A love for a dog, he is a friend of the boy
c. A love for a dog and if he is a friend to his son.
d. A love for a dog or a dog with a friend

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do men say about women?
a. women are not so bright as they are
b. women are better than they do
c. women are cleverer and better.
d. women are more clever

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the women do when they went out every day?
a. sometimes animals killed men
b. They collected roots, fruit and grass
c. they planted roots.
d. They looked after the children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did women do when they started farming?
a. They began to grow plants.
b. They began to hunt for meat.
c. They started to build villages and cities in the Middle East, too!
d. They began to grow wheat trees at home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did women like to do?
a. growing plants and raising animals
b. hunting for meat
c. building villages and cities.
d. hunting sheep, cows and goats

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did women do when they invented agriculture?
a. Women played a very important part in agriculture.
b. Women were cleverer than men.
c. They were hunter and killed animals in the Middle East, too!
d. Women planted roots for the children to look after them

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did China see in 2010?
a. A fast increasing number of Chinese returned from abroad.
b. A rise in Chinese workers' salaries.
c. The greatest increase of Chinese employees from abroad, and the highest rate for foreigners to get higher pay increases."
d. The biggest rise in wages among Chinese people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did China do in 2010?
a. Because China is raising workers' salaries on a large scale.
b. Because China is a country with the highest pay increase.
c. Because China has more foreign workers than other countries in Asia now and then, it's not so good for them to get higher salaries from abroad."
d. Because China is making a lot of money by hiring foreign workers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the biggest trend in China?
a. Employers without overseas experiences are gaining increasing equality.
b. Employers with little work experience are getting better pay.
c. Foreign workers earn less money than foreign coworkers in China and abroad, according to the survey of experts' opinion."
d. Employers without practical experience have become more attractive

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did a friend of Charlie'i bet on him?
a. smiles can shorten the distance between people
b. he was very kind to the passengers
c. he was very rude and he was very rude.
d. he was very happy with his work

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to Charlie?
a. He was in great sorrow when we saw him the next Monday.
b. He was a good friend of his friends.
c. He was a poor driver and was ill in the hospital at that time, too!
d. He was very tired when he was waiting for his friend's death

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Charlie say about his friend?
a. The atmosphere on the bus was cheerful and lively at first.
b. The bus was a happy place.
c. The bus was very busy in the morning and the passengers were silent at first, too!
d. The bus was not as good as the other passengers'

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the driver say to Charlie?
a. Smiles Make a Bus Feel Like Home
b. A Good Morning to You
c. A Good Morning for the Driver.
d. A Good Morning To The Bus

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main responsibility of a bride's family?
a. decide who shall be invited
b. make friends with the bride
c. make friends and relations of both families.
d. make friends or relations between the bride's father and his family

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most common event in Britain?
a. Guests at civil weddings are less formally dressed.
b. The wedding reception is held in a restaurant.
c. The bride's mother sends out the formal invitation cards at the wedding ceremony, and toasts are drunk or dancing may follow it all of them to the wedding party alone."
d. The wedding reception usually takes place on three Sundays before it takes place

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for a wedding reception?
a. there is enough room to entertain the people invited.
b. There are many people in the bride's own home.
c. there are many guests at a wedding, and toasts can be drunk or danced to follow them all by themselves."
d. The bride' father is mainly businessman of some kind

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the wedding reception in Britain?
a. immediately after the cake has been cut and the speeches made
b. after the wedding is held in a restaurant, a local hall or at a wedding
c. when the bride goes off to change into everyday clothes and then leaves her husband for their honeymoon.
d. before the wedding has been held

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for a Chinese speaker to never understand China?
a. develops fit deeper relationship with his Chinese friends
b. is not able to speak Chinese
c. is not very unique in his life.
d. is not interested in speaking English

Correct Options is a.
Question: What country did I come to China in 2010?
a. America.
b. China.
c. China and Japan,
d. China

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between learning Chinese and making friends with people in China?
a. What teaches you most about China?
b. What you can learn in China.
c. How you can make friends with Chinese people?
d. What you can do to learn English at a small university

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of a CV?
a. To attract some talents.
b. To show you how to work in a team-oriented environment.
c. To introduce some music DJs and musicians, as well As an official one of the CV's members!
d. To provide some information about your citizenship

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for a CV?
a. have related working experience
b. have good reading and presentation skills
c. have good news-writing skills.
d. have good command of the English language

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the company that has a good reading and presentation skills?
a. Biz News Reporter&Copyeditors
b. CRIENGLISH.com
c. CRIENGLISH.COM&CRIENGLISH,Com
d. Music DJs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did each child write to throw inside a box?
a. To write stories on the subject of collections.
b. To encourage the children to do something.
c. To write a story about their own collection of coins and pesetas in it, or so on at once again."
d. To make friends with the children who have collected money for years

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the children's literature project do?
a. both of them developed their imagination
b. they set the subject of collections
c. they set the subject in a box.
d. they set the subject of collections

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the inspiration for the Imagine Children's Literature Festival?
a. collections could inspire writing creativity
b. collections could encourage children to write
c. collection was a project at Thomas Tallis School.
d. collections were spread within the Royal Festival Hall's Ballroom

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did the United Nations kidnapped three people?
a. In the daytime
b. In the morning
c. At night.
d. On the morning

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Taliban regime fail to stop?
a. stopped
b. stopped
c. stopped.
d. stopped

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many women were kidnappes?
a. Two women together with one man was kidnapped
b. Three women were kidnapped
c. Two men and one man was taken away.
d. Three women together with one man were kidnapped

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has happened to the Afghans in recent years?
a. No UN staff had been kidnapped before this kidnapping
b. The Afghan driver of the car was badly beat up
c. Rohullah had been kidnapped by the UN.
d. The US-led troops were killed in Afghanistan

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people were kidnapping the United Nations?
a. 3 UN staff kidnapped in Kabul
b. Three UN staff in Kabul
c. Two women with them.
d. Three UN workers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good excuse for procrastinators?
a. Always wait to work until the "good mood" or "good time".
b. Try to make mistakes in their work.
c. Try to get rid of the bad moods and annoys loved ones at once or again."
d. Try to keep away from others when they are not satisfied with their work

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do procrastants do?
a. Procrastinators usually complete their tasks perfectly.
b. Procrastinators are more healthy than those who don'.
c. Procractants are less wealthy and less happy as well-paid workers in the library, too!
d. Procranator is more likely to make mistakes when they are doing nothing

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a bird do on their path?
a. the writer decided to walk along the valley
b. climbed down the valley
c. flew off the rock.
d. climbed into the valley

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the birds do to help me get into a deep valley?
a. wrapped them in dry grass and took them with him
b. put them in a bag and took them with him
c. put them on the rocks to keep it.
d. put them into the rock as glass

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the men say they had heard?
a. a tiger was close to them
b. a bird flew off the rock
c. tiger was growing in their way.
d. he was a tiger growling somewhere nearby

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did men say they had heard?
a. push through the bushes-climb down into the valley-find eggs-hear the sound of tiger
b. push through the bushes-climb down into the valley
c. hear the sound of tiger growingling somewhere nearby.
d. climb down to see the bushes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of some type of chip that I think might have?
a. it may be driven by plastic chips
b. it may be a computer chip
c. it may be a computer chips.
d. it may be a computer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the destiny of a scientist?
a. Chips are our last choice in the future.
b. Chips are our last choice in the future.
c. Chips are our first choice for us to play music on instruments different from current ones, and then engineer an complete replacement of them at a time."
d. Chips are our most important choice when we think they are the future

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the group that imagined what world would you like to see in 3000?
a. It will be all made up of females.
b. It will be all made up of men.
c. It will be all made up of womens and boys, in fact they are not female children at that time!
d. It will be all made up of males but only males

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Heaven?
a. your own thought travels
b. You can create worlds at will
c. you can run the whole thing yourself.
d. You can create worlds in a way that is scientific

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Bloomberg say about the ban?
a. he didn't take a cellphone with him
b. he didn't like the ban
c. he was not good at calling in friends for fights.
d. he had no cellphone with him

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the new york city ban on cellphones?
a. continue the ban
b. call in friends
c. call schools directly.
d. call in friends for fights

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the clerk do to me?
a. The clerk treated him unkindly.
b. The clerk walked out of the store.
c. The clerk walked away from him in his early twenties, and bought nothing for me at once."
d. The clerk asked the clerk to give him a debt

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the clerk do to help him?
a. taught the author a valuable lesson
b. lent the author a good lesson
c. taught the author a great deal of art.
d. taught the author a lot about his personality

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the clerk do to make a big person of me?
a. smile at other people
b. ask others for help
c. ask other people to do so.
d. ask others to help me

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the trip that I did not want to do with my friend?
a. Rough but very exciting.
b. A little but very exciting.
c. A little and very boring, too!
d. A little or no

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the singing of birds do?
a. give herself a chance to think alone
b. give her a good rest
c. give her a warm welcome.
d. give her ice-cream

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of a travel that I did not want to go with my friend?
a. A favorite trip.
b. A trip to the mountains.
c. A trip that I had planned for myself and my friend's house in the mountains, too!
d. A trip with my friends who were waiting for me outside

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the purpose for Nineteen Eighty-Four?
a. A forecast of how a new discovery could influence mankind.
b. A warning of the future technology.
c. A story about the end of disease and horrors in eugenics, or thrillers where creatures disappearing long ago

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the purpose of Nineteen Eighty-Four?
a. A warning of cruel and unfair ruling.
b. A prediction of the future.
c. A warning for the end of disease and horrors in eugenics, or thrillerses to be brought back into existence by scientists' imagination."
d. A description of the potential influence and consequences from the novel

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the book that George Orwell wrote?
a. Star Trek movie series were based on space exploration
b. Nineteen Eighty-Four was published in 1949
c. The Time Machine and The War of the Worlds were all written by George Orwell.
d. Nineteen Eighty-Four was translated into sixty-five languages

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Jules Verne's book?
a. A consideration of possibilities.
b. A story about the future.
c. A warning descriptor for situations where privacy is lost and the individual becomes sacrificed under a totalitarian government."
d. A series of movies, television programs or films in the Star Trek

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a robot that has been developed by Tokyo University?
a. It never loses in the game against humans.
b. It can catch a falling egg without breaking it.
c. It can tie ties tying a knot with the human eye and is able to dribble a ball in sports like baseball or cricket, but not for the most skilled athletes at all!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for the robot being created?
a. responds faster than humans
b. it is a robot that can catch a falling egg
c. it can tie ties tying knots.
d. It can be ready for the NBA

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the science lab that developed a robot that never loses at Rock Paper Sciestor?
a. Science and technology.
b. Science and technology.
c. Technology, but not science or technology."
d. Science & technology

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the cause of ice breaking up earlier in the spring?
a. It's melting.
b. It's crashing.
c. It's getting worse in the winter, and it's getting worse now than 20 years ago!
d. It'll disappear soon after its formation

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has caused polar bears to become more and more hungry?
a. Their diet is changing.
b. They are not hungry.
c. Their food is too small to grow up in the oceans, and they are too hungry for a long time now!
d. They have no appetite of hunting on land or in the ocean

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do polar bears often feed on whales?
a. They stop feeding
b. They keep catching seals
c. They keep hunting.
d. They keep hunting

Correct Options is a.
Question: What journal is investigating the polar bears?
a. Wildlife Journal
b. Wildlife Journal
c. News Report.
d. Sports Magazine

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened when people uncovered silkworms?
a. Chinese passing on the secret to foreigners were seriously punished.
b. The secret of silk was kept to itself as one for the most closely protected secrets in history.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Chinese give to their monopoly on silk production?
a. A valuable gift given to foreigners travelling in China.
b. A gift given to foreigners travelling in China.
c. A gift from the Silk Roads of India and Europe, which was a great success for them all over America now."
d. A gift given to foreigners traveling abroad

Correct Options is a.
Question: What country did silk production reach Korea?
a. China aKorea aIndia aEurope.
b. China aKorea and Italy.
c. Korea,China or India in the same way as it did before its arrival there was stopped by immigrants from China at that time."
d. China aKoree aChina

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Chinese do to make silk?
a. It allowed for economic and cultural exchanges between countries.
b. It was used to make musical instruments.
c. It was used for fishing lines and weapons in China, too!
d. It allowed people to use silk as a form of money

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Teresa become a nun?
a. She was looking for a life of love.
b. She was a member of the Roman Catholic Church.
c. She was sent to India for teaching in Loretto House, where she worked independently and became an independent nun at that time!
d. She was not affiliated with the Irish Nuns who sent her to Lortine House but worked independently

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Teresa leave her duties as teacher to follow Christ into the slum?
a. The poor in the slums needed her care.
b. She was not affiliated with the Irish nuns.
c. She was not allowed to set up her own group called the Missionaries of Charity in Rome, but worked independently and became a nun at that time!
d. She was interested in loving poor people even those who were dying

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Teresa do to help her become a nun?
a. She served poor people in the slums as a teacher.
b. She set up her own group called the Missionaries of Charity.
c. She trained students in a school named Loretto House, where she worked independently and was sent to Ireland by the Pope at that time

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Teresa's heart do when she was born?
a. to care for the poor of the earth
b. to find a job in the church
c. to set up her own group.
d. to help the poor and dying people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the value of eye contact when you make an introduction?
a. not confident
b. forgiving
c. forgiving.
d. arousing

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important thing to remember when introducing someone to a job candidate?
a. You should give your boss' name first
b. You should give your boss' name first
c. You should give your supervisor's name second.
d. You should give your supervisor' s name

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the most important things to remember when you introduce someone?
a. shake hands with the person and reintroduce yourself
b. make eye contact
c. make the effort to stand up.
d. give a confident image

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Albert Whittamore want to do?
a. was put into prison in the end
b. was arrested
c. was caught by police.
d. was arrested on suspicion of the crime

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Albert Whittamore want the sign to be used as he warned young people about smoking?
a. Price for being romantic
b. Price for being a smoker
c. Price to be a smoker.
d. Price because he was a smoker

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Albert Whittamore want to do?
a. he had the sign put on his hearse and his grave
b. he wanted to make the sign look like a health warning on cigarettes
c. he wanted to give the sign to young people about the dangers of smoking.
d. he wanted to show his youthful smoking habit for the lung disease

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Albert Whittamore want to do?
a. The sign will be printed on the packet of cigarettes.
b. The sign will be put in place for a week.
c. The sign will be put into place by the police and his graves, too!
d. The sign will be put on the hearse of the woman'

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the first teleprompter?
a. The history of a useful electrical device.
b. The invention of a television program.
c. The use of a computer to read lines on TV and radio in the future, at present."
d. The development of a new technology for television actors

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Hubert Joseph Schlafly do to change people's perception of television?
a. face the TV while giving a speech
b. read the lines
c. read prepared statements.
d. look down at their notes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Hoover do to help him learn about the first time?
a. people didn't know he used a teleprompter
b. He was the first politician to use a teleprompter.
c. People were not interested in him at all!
d. He was very excited about his invention

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the first television program that used to show words?
a. The teleprompter became popular.
b. The first Hundred Years.
c. The first Hundred years of the invention, called "The First Hundred Years".
d. The first Hundred Years became popular in America

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Adrienne Young want people to know about her movement?
a. tell us a singer aims to grow interest in local farming
b. tell us she is a singer who has lived in Florida for seven generations
c. tell us that her family helped develop the agriculture industry there.
d. tell us that her interest in nature was shaped by the fact

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many organizations does Adrienne Young work with to support local farming?
a. two
b. one
c. three.
d. five

Correct Options is a.
Question: What state does the country's second largest producer of fruits and vegetables live in?
a. Florida is good for farming
b. California is good for agriculture
c. Florida is the country's second largest producer of fruits and vegetables.
d. California is a state where farmers can grow fruit

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does it mean to buy locally grown food?
a. it raises local production
b. it is about taste and freshness
c. it protects the environment.
d. it helps to grow food

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the opposite of being proactive?
a. an inner belief
b. a lack of time
c. a lack of imagination.
d. an upsetting experience

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do people try to do when they are not proactive?
a. complain and give up the picnic
b. make the picnic more enjoyable
c. make their own plans for a picnic.
d. make their plan better

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the opposite of being proactive?
a. accept things passively
b. take responsibility
c. have a picnic with their family.
d. have special games

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Chais say about her personal clashes with smog?
a. Chai started making the documentary after she gave birth to a daughter.
b. She started every day by checking the air pollution index.
c. It has rapidly pushed the public awareness about air pollution and encouraged people to join in efforts to make a difference."
d. The documentary was released on video-sharing websites over the weekend

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Chai Jing say she started the work out of?
a. She wanted to do something for her daughter
b. She wanted to make a difference
c. She wanted to show her love for the city.
d. She wanted to find out where the pollution comes from

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Chai Jing's goal?
a. objective
b. objective
c. objective.
d. objective

Correct Options is a.
Question: When will the Sunset Pasta Cruise be sold to passengers on the dock?
a. At about 8:20 pm.
b. At about 5:45 pm.
c. Before 3 p.m on Saturday, 2010.
d. After 3 p.m.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the average cost for children between 3-11?
a. $110.
b. $55.
c. $75.
d. $45

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the buffet that will take you to Emerald Bay?
a. a restaurant
b. a restaurant
c. supper.
d. a restaurant

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the island that offers two-week holidays?
a. a Caribbean island
b. a Spanish island
c. a Spanish country.
d. a Spanish country

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where do people work on their farm?
a. a kibbutz in Israel
b. a hotel in Mallorca
c. the Hotel Splendid.
d. a beach with golden sand

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most expensive holiday in Italy?
a. the 21 - day coach trip of Italy
b. the 21 - day coach trip of Italy
c. the 21 - day coach tour in Spain.
d. the 21 - day coach trip

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is quiet even in summer?
a. a holiday house in the fishing port in Mallorca
b. a holiday house in the hotel Splendid
c. a holiday house near to shops and restaurants.
d. a holiday house with sights of sea

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the search engine that Google works miracles?
a. Searching for information.
b. Searching for information.
c. Using the Internet to search online and offline in one's daily life, it is not as fast as Yahoo!."
d. Searching for information on the Internet

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long did Yahoo Becomes Giant?
a. One year.
b. Two years.
c. Four years, and a half months later!
d. Five years

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of books are there?
a. Different books.
b. Different books.
c. Different books and magazines, but not all of them!
d. Different books with different titles

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the company that deals with shopping and trading?
a. eBay Company's online service is always there for its users.
b. Yahoo Becomes Giant is the most popular search engine on the web.
c. Amazon makes Buying a New Experience has become recognizable as Yahoo now

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people have died after the first two shootings?
a. Two.
b. Three.
c. Four and a half people in Texas, one of whom was killed by the shootings at Northern Arizona University on Friday morning."
d. One person died after the first two shootings

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to Steven Jones?
a. It was the victims who started the fight.
b. He was killed by a group of men.
c. His gunman fled and opened fire in the attack, according to police officials' reports."
d. The shooting happened at Northern Arizona University on Friday morning

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for the deaths of two people?
a. Americans should be united to prevent criminal shooting from happening so frequently
b. Americans should be able to fight against gun laws
c. The president's support for gun control is very important.
d. The president has made a lot of efforts in protecting the environment

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Manchester's name?
a. a very popular place now
b. a lively city
c. a famous football team.
d. a famous city

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the area that contains Manchester's first urban heritage park?
a. you can visit the Eastlefield
b. Manchester
c. the Old Trafford United Museum.
d. Manchester's Orient

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of city is Manchester?
a. A city full of factories
b. A city with a large student population
c. A city full of clubs and music.
d. A city with a large student population

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for not remembering contact numbers?
a. We might lose all our phone numbers accidentally.
b. We might lose all our phone numbers.
c. We might lose all our phone number accidentally and then forget them again or later in the future, too!
d. We might lose all our phone numbers because of their lack of intelligence

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a basic learning about lighting,depth, and composition?
a. had better try to set the scene modes,lighting,and zoom by hand
b. had better try to set the scene modes,lighting and zoom by hand
c. could change a lot of settings on the camera.
d. had more use of the automatic setting

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important part of digital photography?
a. they make it more difficult for us to recall information
b. they make it easier for us to read printed books
c. they help us to understand spatial orientation and navigation.
d. they help us to find information we need

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for a lack of time?
a. be worried that we might lose some basic abilities in intelligence society
b. be worried that we might lose some basic abilities in intelligence society
c. be worried about the lack of convenience and convenience.
d. be worried that we might lose some basic abilities

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the sun cause evaporation of water from oceans and lakes?
a. energy from the Sun
b. energy from the Earth
c. energy of the Earth's surface.
d. energy used by green plants

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the energy that comes from the Sun reflected or absorbed by?
a. lost in the upper and lower atmosphere
b. absorbed by clouds
c. absorbed in the upper atmosphere.
d. absorbed by the gases

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does sunlight provide energy for?
a. all living things on the Earth depend on the Sun for their food
b. the Earth's surface is reflected by clouds
c. the earth'S surface can absorb energy from sunlight.
d. the earth'n surface has a lot of water

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Pamela Druckerman think French children seem to do?
a. behave very well
b. behave very well
c. sleep all day.
d. eat more than American children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What parenting secrets do French parents have?
a. She thinks they work well.
b. She thinks they are perfect.
c. They have different ideas about raising kids and eating them well, too!
d. She thinks they are perfect

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for France's kids being so much better than Americans?
a. How French parents raise their children compared to American parents.
b. How parents care about their children.
c. How parents care more for their children than American kids in France and abroad, too!
d. How parents care less about their children's health

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of a father who had no intention to do?
a. imperfect but loving
b. a kind and honest man
c. a kind but honest person.
d. unfriendly, friendly

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my dad do when he came back drunk?
a. father showed his love but had no good way to express himself to his children
b. he pleaded to his mother for money.
c. he spouted off about what he planned to do and buy it, then shut the door of him home."
d. he spouted off about what he planned to do for us

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my dad do to his family?
a. I would definitely treasure all the small love from father
b. I would never forget the pain and guilt from father
c. I would never forget my father's words.
d. I would never forget his own love for him

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my dad do when he came back drunk?
a. Remembrances of my father
b. A lot of money
c. A lot of money.
d. A lot of money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the competition?
a. a "King of Cooking" competition organized by Junior 2 students at Beijing No.4 Middle School
b. a "King of Cooking" competition
c. a "King of Cooking" contest in Beijing No.4 Middle School's student affairs office."
d. a "King of Cooking" competition organized by Jiang Dong

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the firemakers put on?
a. They didn't have enough corn leaves and old newspapers.
b. They didn't have enough corn leaves and old newspapers.
c. They didn' eat too much food for them to cook in the fires

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the busiest person in the competition?
a. cook
b. cook
c. buyer.slicer and cook."
d. cook

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the class that students at Middle Schoo1 had?
a. Wang Xiaoyue was titled a "King of Cooking" in this competition
b. The students were divided into 24 groups
c. The students had no idea how to keep fire burning.
d. The students were the busiest people in this competition

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do subterranean insects communicate with each other?
a. By sending signals through the leaves.
b. By using plants as telephone lines.
c. By sending out chemical warning signals through the leaves of the plant, and then send them to each other by phone or email in a way that is not too large for insects' eggs at all!
d. By making a telephone call with the leaves of the plant

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for subterranean insects not being occupied by plants?
a. choose to leave the plant
b. leave the plant
c. keep away from plants.
d. stay in the plant

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do aboveground insect warn plants of being already "occupied"?
a. are not occupied by mot-eating insects
b. are not occupied by subterranean insects
c. are not occupied with leaf-eating insect.
d. are not occupied by subterranian root-eating insects

Correct Options is a.
Question: How can subterranean and aboveground herbivorous insects communicate with each other?
a. Insects use plants as telephones
b. Insects use plants as telephone lines
c. Insects use plants to communicate with each other.
d. Insectes use plants for communication

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the effect of waves on people?
a. Wave energy creates the same amount of pollution as other energy sources.
b. Wave energy is the most powerful source of energy.
c. Wave energy is the only source of pollution in the world, so it is not very expensive to make electricity at all!
d. Wave energy is the best way to create more energy than other sources of energy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has the US and other countries started doing research on?
a. finding new energy sources like wave energy is important
b. the effects of wave power on animals in the sea are unknown
c. the effect of wave power is unknown to people.
d. the energy sources like oil and gas will run out some day

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the wave energy group that works on waves to make electricity?
a. Can Waves Make Electricity?
b. Can Waves Make Electricity?
c. Can Waves Help to Build a Powerhouse.
d. Can Waves Help To Get Energy from Windy Water

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mary Casatt' father say about her work?
a. He was very angry.
b. He was very sad.
c. She was very angry with him, too!
d. He was very happy to see her dead

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Mary Casatt' stance on?
a. Ladies of good families simply did not become artists in those times.
b. Women of good families were not artists.
c. Women of poor families were not artists in those times, so they were not as important to them at all."
d. Women of bad families were not successful when they were young

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mary Casatt think of her father?
a. She was a woman.
b. She was a woman.
c. She was a man and he had no family to support her at all!
d. She was an artist, but she was not.

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Mary Casatt become an artist?
a. She never married because she did not want to be just a wife and mother.
b. She was not a good artist.
c. She was not very successful in her life, but she was a great artist of the time and a woman's mother!
d. She wanted to be regarded as the most important woman painter for the young lady

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the person who struggles with something?
a. pretend not to have seen it
b. say "I want to help"
c. tell others something about it.
d. tell them something is wrong

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many members do you have?
a. do an act of kindness every Friday
b. do a good deed every Friday
c. do a good deed each day.
d. do a good deed on the Internet

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of kindness act does Join Me have?
a. Hit-and-run Kindness
b. Friendship
c. Friends' humour.
d. Friends of the Underground

Correct Options is a.
Question: What color did the scientists say about light from our universe?
a. close to white
b. milky
c. creamy.
d. milky

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the scientists use to identify color1 of the universe?
a. using computer software programs
b. using the same number
c. adding the average measurement.
d. combining light from different star systems

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who was the author of the study?
a. Mark Fairchild
b. Karl Glazebrook
c. Ivan Baldry.
d. Karl Glazebrook

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did scientists use to identify?
a. what the color1 of the universe is
b. what the color1 of the universe is
c. what the color1 of the universe looks like.
d. how light from our universe is

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the average wind in a tornado?
a. They carry winds of 135 km per hour.
b. They blow up to 400 miles per hour.
c. They blow up to 400 miles a day and cause many deaths or hurts in the storm, too!
d. They are the most violent winds on earth

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to hide a tornado?
a. drive his car away as fast as possible
b. wait under a table in the basement
c. wait for him to stay at home.
d. keep away from windows

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are the reasons for the tornado season?
a. when there is flooding, sandbags can be made and used to build walls
b. the tornadoes are the most violent winds on earth
c. the storm can blow up to 400 miles per hour.
d. people can't find a narrow place for themselves

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are some great films for you to kill time?
a. make comments on films for a cinema
b. make plans for a movie
c. make plans to go skiing.
d. make plans

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the film that you can kill time?
a. Orphan.
b. Awkward.
c. Awkler-like! .

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are some wonderful films for you to kill time?
a. Burt and Verona.
b. Burt and Verona.
c. Verona, Gibraltar und Malibu!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the movie that has been written for Esther?
a. Orphan is a comedy about Esther adopted by a kind family.
b. Orphan is a movie about Esther.
c. Orphan is based on the name of Esther's family and friends, orphan-educated families in America!
d. Orphan is a comedy about Esther adopted by a kind family

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do you get a passport online?
a. You can just download and open the application form and complete it online on any computer.
b. You can download the application form and complete it online.
c. You can download the application form on any computer or computer in a PDF file, but you can print it by clicking here to get it from your computer at least 2 months earlier than before!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the standard size of paper that must be black?
a. You blood type
b. You size
c. You weight.
d. You color1

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the requirement for printing ink?
a. dye your hair into a different color1
b. use a standard medium weight
c. make sure the box for pasting on your passport photo is the correct size of 2 inches by 1 inch.
d. print your passport photo in a single-sided paper

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where is the USA passport application available for download?
a. A website
b. A brochure
c. A magazine.
d. A newspaper

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the administrative department contribute to in 2012?
a. the unique quality of the voice of China
b. the popularity of the voice in China
c. the lack of competition from other countries.
d. the increasing number of draft shows

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Zhejiang Television become most popular in 2012?
a. the reasons for Hunan Satellite TV is losing its leading position
b. the reasons why Hunan Satellite TV is losing its leading position
c. the reason for Huna satellite television's popularity.
d. the reason why Hung Satellite TV is losing its top position

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the reason for the loss of Hunan Satellite TV?
a. doubtful
b. astonished
c. uninterested.
d. doubtful

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Tanzania and Zambia vote for?
a. continuing a ban on the ivory sale to protect elephants
b. allowing ivory sales from government stockpiles
c. encouraging illegal hunting to protect elephant populations.
d. preventing the sale of ivory

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the price of ivory in Tanzania mean?
a. it is extremely valuable
b. it is very expensive
c. it is very expensive.
d. it is too expensive

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Tanzania and Zambia want to do?
a. sell their stocked ivory
b. sell their stocked ivory
c. buy some white gold for them.
d. make jewelry and other things

Correct Options is a.
Question: What two factors determine an individual's intelligence?
a. Intelligence and Environment
b. Human Brains and Environment
c. Human brain, Intelligence or Environment.
d. Human Brain & Environment

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people were the twins in their early teens?
a. 100
b. 100
c. 125.
d. 100

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main factor that determines an individual' IQ?
a. lack of opportunity blocks the growth of intelligence
b. The environment in which he is reared has the same intelligence
c. The kind of environment where a person is born with.
d. The type of brain he is born with

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did the parents of low intelligence reared Peter and Mark X?
a. can be increased by education
b. are encouraged to study
c. are encouraged by their parents.
d. are encouraged to be stimulated

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Jeremy's name?
a. Worried.
b. Worried.
c. Disappointed and frightened!
d. Worried

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Jeremy do when he was in his classroom?
a. She went to ask the teacher for help.
b. She went to play games.
c. He asked the teacher for help and spied them in his backpack!
d. She went to ask the teachers for help

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the writer do for his child?
a. The author helped Jeremy to become sociable.
b. The author gave Jeremy some grapes.
c. The author gave Jeremy something to buy for him at the party, too!
d. The author gave Jeremy some grapes in his backpack and be out of the classroom before she could be spied by others

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the man shout into my phone about?
a. He wanted to catch a plane.
b. He wanted to get in touch with the taxi driver.
c. He wanted to call Mike and he was angry about it, too!
d. He wanted to make a call for a taxi

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the man at a taxi company say they couldn't find my house?
a. The taxi drivers refused to work.
b. The taxi driver was angry with the foreigner.
c. The taxi driver refused to pick me up in his personal car, and he didn't say sorry for it at all!
d. The taxi driver was angry when the weather got bad

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did a man start to say they couldnt find my house?
a. by riding in Mike's car from the taxi company
b. by calling the taxi company
c. in Japan.
d. by calling Mike's car

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of person was the man at a taxi company?
a. warm-hearted toward people
b. polite to people
c. kind-hearted towards people.
d. friendly and polite

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the book that helps students understand and pronounce their words?
a. a book for English teaching
b. a book for English teaching <sep>. a book about English learning and writing in the world."
c. a book on how to use the phonetic alphabet

Correct Options is a.
Question: How can you teach pronunciation effectively without knowing the phonetic alphabet?
a. explain in detail how to practise the five suggestions
b. explain in detail how to pronounce the five suggestions
c. tell us what the five suggestions are.
d. tell us how to use the five suggestions

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important thing that students must do in order for them to understand what?
a. pronunciation means more than knowing how to pronounce every single word
b. pronunciation means more than knowing how to pronounce every word
c. pronunciation means more and more about the language of English.
d. pronunciation means more because of the language in the dictionary

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main topic of teaching English?
a. Suggestions on Teaching English Pronunciation.
b. How to Learn English.
c. How to Learn the Phonetic alphabet and pronunciation well?
d. How to understand the language in a sentence

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Mauritius's colony?
a. was one of the British colonies
b. was a small island in the Indian Ocean
c. was a British colony.
d. was one of the British colonies

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where was the British colony located?
a. in Mauritius
b. in the Indian Ocean
c. on a small island.
d. near the Indian Ocean

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the rareness of a stamp?
a. one Two Penny Blue
b. one One Penny Orange-Reds
c. two Two Pennies BlueState.
d. one Three Penny Blues

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does child labor often do?
a. harmful to the health though it is light.
b. confined to small industries and family businesses.
c. confined(limited)to small industries, such as hotels or restaurants rather than large factories in the world now."
d. confined (limited)to small industries but not to big factories

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do children become older?
a. because they are forced to
b. because they are too old to do any other kind of work.
c. Because they are not allowed to go out for school at all!
d. because they are unable to do any other kind of work

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the solution to child labor?
a. raising their payment and improving the system of education
b. reducing the burden of working in factories
c. reducing the number of children who work at home.
d. reducing the amount of money they receive from their parents

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the museum that has a morgue?
a. Vancouver Police Museum
b. Accordion Museum
c. Chocolate museum.
d. Chocolate Museum

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of instruments have the museum acquired?
a. Asia
b. Canada
c. Canada.
d. Canada

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Vulcan tourism?
a. a website
b. a museum
c. an exhibitorial.
d. a museum

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Google's goal?
a. People can explore the Internet with it.
b. It will make it easier for people to surf the Internet.
c. It will help police officers, firefighters and reporters do their jobs better than Google Glass itself in stores now!
d. It will allow people to use it as a tool of the Internet-connected eyewear

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the new view of Google Glass that makes it better?
a. improve their products
b. make their products more popular
c. make their products more attractive.
d. make their products better

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Google's first glass purchase?
a. make a call
b. buy a smart phone
c. buy an Explorer.
d. make friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for Google's Glass?
a. It may cause traffic accidents if people use it while driving.
b. It is the most popular product in the world.
c. It can help police officers, firefighters and reporters do their jobs better than Google's Glass itself!
d. It will make it easier for people to surf the Internet while on the go

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do trees help the villagers?
a. warn that man mustn't destroy forests any more
b. make charcoal or sell wood to the townsman
c. make money by making charcoal and selling wood.
d. keep the soil from being washed away easily

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is required to do to help the villagers?
a. measures must be taken
b. Educate the people
c. Make charcoal or sell wood to them.
d. Plant and look after trees

Correct Options is a.
Question: How is it difficult for the villager to persuade him of trees?
a. necessary but difficult
b. difficult and expensive
c. difficult but useful.
d. easy

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where has light pollution increased?
a. in cities
b. in cities
c. at schools.
d. in museums

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for light pollution?
a. In the dark night people can observe the sky clearly.
b. Light from Los Angeles makes the night sky very bright.
c. Light that shines into the sky is not being used to provide light where it is needed on Earth, and lights are not necessary for light pollution in America or America alone!

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where is Lick Observatory located?
a. observatories
b. reasearch centers
c. Yerkes Observatory.
d. a museum

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happens when someone is a friend?
a. sometimes people try to do something better, faster or longer than anyone else to have their names included in the Guinness Book of World Records
b. People like to travel great distances.
c. people have unusual hobbies that no one else can share them with you."
d. People like the company of others who share a similar interest

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long did a woman play?
a. A thirty-year-old man in Pennsylvania played the piano for forty-five days and eleven hours.
b. A thirty-year-old man in Connecticut played the flute.
c. A musician in Connecticut played the piano for forty-three hours and a teacher at that time, to play it with her friends' help."
d. A thirty-year- old man in Massachusetts played the violin for forty-three days

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many years does a woman in Iowa spend typing the numbers from one to 1 million?
a. 6
b. 162.
c. 3.
d. 6

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the magazine that will be placed in?
a. a passage from a magazine
b. a book <sep>. an advertisement from a magazine."
c. a book

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the reason Martha's supervisor did not like her?
a. she has not advanced
b. she has been working for Miller Laboratories.
c. she has not been a manager of the chemical company since 2007.
d. she hasn't done well in her work

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Maria give to Mary?
a. Martha got the name of the director through her cousin.
b. Martha got the name of the director through her cousin.
c. Mary gave the name to the director by herself and Mr. Petri in a day or two, at least one year ago!
d. Mrs. Kenny gave Martha the name for her cousin's job

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Martha say to her supervisor?
a. the final unpleasant thing
b. the last unpleasant thing
c. the final unpleasant thing.
d. the first unpleasant thing

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Ruth Kenny say was wrong?
a. Martha should have found a new job before leaving.
b. Martha should have been a worker for Miller Laboratories.
c. Maria should have been a worker of Miller Laboratories, but she didn't like it at all!
d. Maria should have been able to get recommandation from Mrs. Kenny

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the winter that melts every year?
a. You can go to the hotel in spring.
b. You can go to the hotel in spring.
c. You can go to the hotel for a swim every year!
d. You can go to the hotel with your friends and family members

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Nils Yngve Bergqvist's job?
a. abd
b. s
c. f.
d. s

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the cost of staying in one of Nils Yngve Bergqvist's ice rooms?
a. the hotel will fall on a fixed date every year
b. the hotel will be bigger and better
c. the hotel will be bigger than any other one.
d. the hotel will have more complicated architectural features

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Nils Yngve Bergqvist's hotel?
a. Ice Hotel-Cold Comfort
b. Ice Hotel-Cold Comfort
c. Ice Hotel & Artic Hall.
d. Ice Hotel and Artic Hall

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for a child under three being cared outside of home?
a. infants' education
b. his parents' separation
c. his personality and incline to emotional problems in later life.
d. his fathers' relationship with his mother

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did John Bowlby believe was the reason for children being separated from their parents?
a. should not be sent to school
b. should be taken care of
c. should be taken to school.
d. should be taken care of

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does John Bowlby believe may cause a child'd suffering?
a. there is no negative effect on infants who go to school before three
b. there is no negative effect on children who go to school before three
c. there is no negative effect upon children's personality and incline towards emotional problems in later life.
d. there is no positive effect on children who go to school after three

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does a headache mean?
a. Headache may last several minutes or hours.
b. Headache can be caused by headache.
c. Headache can cover the whole head or one side of it, and perhaps the front or back of the head in a flashy way."
d. Headache can only cover the whole head

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important thing that a headache specialist said about?
a. headache and its effect
b. headache and its effect
c. headaches in the head.
d. headache symptoms

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do mirror-walled skyrocketing companies use to reduce heat loss?
a. describe skyscrapers and their effect on the environment
b. reduce the pressure on skyscrapers
c. reduce the strain of the surrounding air and affect neighboring buildings.
d. increase the temperature in skyscrapers' office space

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do mirror-walled skyscrapers raise?
a. The surrounding air is heated.
b. The temperature is higher.
c. The air is more expensive than glass skyscrapers' in the past year, and they are more expensive to build at night."
d. The heat loss can be reduced by mirror-walled skyscrapers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the reasons for a mirror-walled skycrapers?
a. The harmful effects on the city's grass.
b. The lack of space for the city.
c. The high demand for electricity in New York City, too and other cities.
d. The pressure on the city's sanitation facilities

Correct Options is a.
Question: What group of people in North America turned their attention to?
a. Environmentalists.
b. Electricians.
c. Scientists and engineers of skyscrapers' offices in New York City, to be occupied by the world Trade Center towering on campus at present."
d. The owners of skyscraper's offices

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good way to switch off the time and things around me?
a. many people have no habit of reading
b. I can't read books for a whole day
c. I can'Two minutes of an English book.
d. I can' to get a good night's sleep with my dad

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the benefits to reading?
a. his personal experience
b. his hobbies
c. his own interests.
d. his good reading habits

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the challenge for you to read a book every single day for o month?
a. 15-Minute Reading Challenge
b. 15-Minute Reading Challenge
c. 15-Minute Reading challenge.
d. 15-Minute Reading Challenge

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did I know about a homeless man?
a. the dog and her puppies were in danger of dying of hunger
b. The dog was very poor
c. the homeless man was very kind to people.
d. he was too busy with his work

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did he do to buy dogs?
a. The homeless man bought food for the dog with all of his money
b. The homeless man bought food for the dog
c. The homeless man bought food to buy a dog.
d. The homeless man bought food from the store

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the homeless man do to buy?
a. bought dog food with all the money he had
b. bought something to drink
c. went back into a store and bought something for him.
d. bought some food from a local gas station

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of person was the homeless man who bought dog food?
a. kind and helpful
b. kind and friendly
c. generous but helpful.
d. brave

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the dog that walked up to the building?
a. Animals Are Parents Too
b. A Dog who walked by
c. A Dog that was hungry and weak.
d. A Dog Who Was Poor for Her

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Daniel do when he was three?
a. He fell to the floor with the wardrobe.
b. He climbed into the family car.
c. He walked to the kitchen sink with a book in his hand, and then silenced it up at once."
d. He sat down on the floor by himself as he was five years old

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Daniel Brown do when he was just five?
a. He wanted to clean the dog.
b. He wanted to help the dog.
c. He wanted to make a car for his family and friends in need of water, too!
d. He wanted to take care of the dog by himself

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Daniel Brown's name?
a. the boy found school life interesting
b. the boy was a naughty girl
c. the boy's mother called him.
d. the boy' family car was flooded

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Angela say about Daniel Brown?
a. The mother thinks Daniel's curiosity leads to his naughtiness.
b. The mother thinks Daniel is a dog.
c. The mother thinks Daniel is a dog in the kitchen sink and water flood it up to make things better at school, too!
d. The mother thinks Daniel' his wife is very clever with her new baby

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to Daniel Brown when he was three?
a. Daniel flooded the kitchen and it destroyed the carpet.
b. Daniel climbed into the family car and let it roll away down the road.
c. The carpet was already flooding in his kitchen but it was too dirty to clean up at that time, so he was not happy with him now."
d. Daniel was too busy looking after his new baby's clothes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Walt think Elsie was?
a. They had to face a very mean bull.
b. They had to run across the farm.
c. They were licking their backs as long as they stood still, and then ran out of it in time for them all by themselves!
d. They had to be a friendly young cow when they ran into the swimming hole

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Walt say Elsie was not a big mean bull?
a. showed her friendliness
b. was a tall bull
c. was a tall cow.
d. was licking her back

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Walt and I do to admire?
a. The story of visiting the swimming hole.
b. The story of licking his back.
c. The story about the bull's name and his name, Mr. Blickez."
d. The story of licking his back

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a favorite way to get along with your teacher?
a. Favorable.
b. Favorable.
c. Easy to understand and do your best on tests!
d. Easy to understand new material

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a great reason to get along?
a. Kids will leave the class when not doing quite well with their teachers.
b. Kids will be able to learn in any situation.
c. Kids will not enjoy being in class when things aren't going well with their teachers, and they won'T like it at all!
d. Kids will have to do more homework than before

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a magazine that gives you information?
a. an education magazine
b. a science magazine <sep>. an education journal's name and address
c. a school newspaper

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is responsible for the education of children at home?
a. parents or tutors
b. teachers or teachers
c. teachers and teachers.
d. parents

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do parents feel about homeschooling?
a. they are not satisfied with what is taught at local public schools
b. they are not satisfied with what is taught locally in public school
c. they don't like to teach their children at home.
d. they have no interest in the education of kids

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for a child being home-schooled?
a. Some parents have to homeschool their children when living abroad.
b. Some parents have to teach their children in public school.
c. Some parents are not allowed to teach their children at home, too!
d. Some parents don't want to help the government with their children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the benefit of sunflower oil?
a. curing some kinds of cancers
b. keeping the heart healthy
c. reducing wrinkles and making one look younger.
d. protecting the skin from sun damage

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does sunflower oil do?
a. To protect skin and slow the pace of aging.
b. To keep the skin fresh.
c. To prevent sun damage and make one look younger, or worsen wrinkles in a daytime."
d. To protect the cells of the skin from being damaged by ultraviolet (UV) rays

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main cause of sun damage?
a. Sunflower oil may lead to skin infections.
b. Sunflower oil is a rich source of vitamin E.
c. Sunburn and skin cancers are caused by sun damage, too!
d. Sunlighting can make people look younger than before

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the benefit that sunflower oil has?
a. Benefits of Sunflower Oil for Skin
b. Benefits of Sunflower Oil
c. Benefits from Sunflower oil.
d. Benefits of Sunflower Oil for Skin

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the secret for a Healthy, Slim, Beautiful You?
a. A healthy diet program.
b. A healthy diet regime.
c. A healthy diet program and a healthy lifestyle plan!
d. A healthy diet

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the focus of this 8 week diet?
a. To keep healthy first and to lose weight second.
b. To keep healthy first and to lose weight second.
c. To give you more energy, but not to lose weight fourth in the diets of other people's lives."
d. To help you lose fat a lot by eating less than one meal per day

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many calories does this diet allow?
a. This program allows you 1700 to 2000 calories for each meal.
b. This program allows you 1700 to 2000 calories.
c. This program allows you 2,000 to 2,000 calories for each meal and 1 700-2000 hours of daily food!
d. This program allows you 2,000 to 2,000 calories per day

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the programme that you can follow to be slim?
a. The content of this program.
b. The diet regime.
c. The lifestyle change of this program and the program itself, to be healthy in a slim way!
d. The daily diets that you can follow for a slim person

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the year that we are celebrating?
a. To celebrate Shakespeare's birthday and study his works.
b. To celebrate the birth of a famous Shakespeare.
c. To celebrate the birthday and study his works in New York City, Washington or London!
d. To celebrate the birthday of the American Shakespeare Association

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the two major events that have been a part of WW Norton's Shakespeare business?
a. Romeo and Juliet.
b. Kenneth Branagh.
c. 'Sex Me Here, and Breast-feeding."
d. 'Unpopular Shakespeare

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between friendship and love?
a. To come up with the question for the further discussion.
b. To make friends with each other.
c. To explain everything to the good friends in an emergency, and then get pained if his/her beloved is hurt!
d. To give us some advice on how to deal with love

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between friendship and love?
a. You should share, help and understand each other.
b. You should be a good friend.
c. You should have dreams in your eyes thinking about your friend for a few days, and you will do all these things again or later!
d. You should make friends with each other more easily than before

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between friendship and love?
a. never feel excited meeting your friend
b. love is a kind of friendship
c. love is a kind of relationship.
d. love is a kind of relationship between people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between friendship and love?
a. tell us the difference between love and friendship.
b. tell us the difference between love and friendship.
c. explain what we have in common with each other during love, but not to love them all at once!
d. show us the differences between love and friendship

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one thing that humans have created for generations?
a. Near-sighted parents will be able to produce babies with good eyesight in the future.
b. Human beings will be able to reproduce without man' help.
c. Modern dairy cows produce too much milk and if they are not often emptied of milk, they could leak or burst infected

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the goal of Jean Beliveau's walk around the globe?
a. promote world peace
b. build "ministries of peace"
c. make friends with Canada and other governments.
d. help people to build "ministries of peace".

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who did Jean Beliveau's business go bankrupt?
a. his former wife
b. his friends
c. Archambault.
d. his friend

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the longest walking in the world?
a. Canadian man completes 11-year round-the-world walk.
b. The Canadian man runs around the world.
c. The Canadian man is a hero in Montreal and his family members are there to help him out of trouble on Sundays, at least for 11 years."
d. The Canadian man is a member of the government who helped him overcome the pain

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the old woman say about him?
a. Jack was frightened by something unexpected.
b. He was frightened by something unexpected.
c. He was afraid of the park at night, but he didn't know what happened in the park before it came to his home from school."
d. He was afraid that he would be killed when he ran away

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is it like to pass by a park at night?
a. It's the fastest way home.
b. It's the fastest way home.
c. It's the most dangerous place to pass by at night, and it'll be the best time for you!
d. It' a good time of the day when you pass by the park

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Jack do when he was walking toward the park?
a. In case he might disturb their work.
b. In case he might run fast.
c. If a movie is going on in the park at night, it's the fastest way home to school for him and his mother."
d. When he was walking towards the park as usual

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Jack's name?
a. An actress.
b. A soccer player.
c. A teacher and a doctor,
d. An old lady

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Jack feel about the park?
a. He was terribly frightened.
b. He was frightened.
c. He was angry with the old lady and his mother's words, too!
d. He was very excited to see the movie shooting in the park

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a benefit of skateboarding?
a. help students form the habit of doing sports
b. help students learn to do sports
c. make students feel more comfortable in schoolwork.
d. teach students how to walk 600 to 900 times

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Skateboarding teach kids to believe isn'T the best way to do?
a. You will succeed in life if you don't give up.
b. You will succeed if you don't do it.
c. You will succeed in life without doing it properly and safely, too!
d. You will succeed when you are not good at things

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do experts call the activities that are part of a larger effort to help kids develop lifelong fitness habits?
a. The new PE.
b. The new PE.
c. The new PE and the new PE classes!
d. The new PE

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did James Kemmedy say was a good idea?
a. sympathy
b. generosity
c. generosity.
d. kindness

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did James Kemmedy do to help us find?
a. He offered the author a new house free of charge.
b. He sent a check covering the author's rent.
c. He sent e-mail to the author for eight months in England and New Orleans, which was very good at finding a new house on time of Hurricane Katrina!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did James Kemmedy say about our lives?
a. the author's family was in financial difficulty
b. the author's family was in trouble
c. the author' a lot of money were lost.
d. the author' his wife was studying abroad

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did James Kemmedy say was a good idea?
a. human beings are kind after all.
b. people are kind.
c. people are kind to strangers, and they are kind enough for them all the time!
d. Those who are poor will be more generous than those in the past

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where can you travel along the East Line?
a. Chengdu - Mianyang - Jiangyou - Pingwu - Huanglong - Chuanzhusi - Jiuzhaigou
b. Chengdu - Mianyang - Jiangyou - Pingwu.
c. Chengdu - Mianyang - Huanglong

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the hotel that can serve foreigners in small city?
a. A travel guide for foreign travelers.
b. A hotel for foreign travelers.
c. A tourist attraction in the city of Jiuzhaigoun,
d. An official website

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is bus available for?
a. directly get to the destination
b. take a regular bus
c. take a look at the Doutuan Mountain.
d. take a tour of the Huanglong Scenic and Historic Areas

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do you get to the East Line?
a. We can travel from Chengdu to Jiuzhaigou along different routes.
b. We can go to the East Line from Chengdu.
c. We can go along the same route in Jiuzhaigou and then take a regular bus there for you, at least one hour later than we do on the other line of China or Japan."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of the TELP program?
a. makes sure students have a communicative atmosphere
b. provides students with a good language learning experience
c. helps students learn English in the classroom.
d. makes students have a strong sense of responsibility

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the year that Taylors English Language Preparation was delivered?
a. start date of the first term in 2012 is probably January 16th
b. January 16th
c. December 19th is probably June 13 s.
d. January 17th is likely

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the fee for Taylors English Language Preparation?
a. TELP fees
b. TELP fees
c. TELP fee.
d. TELP fee

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason many parents are delighted to see their kids walking?
a. safety of their kids
b. safety of their kids
c. transportation costs.
d. traffic and crime

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one reason some schools have chosen four-day bus weeks?
a. shorten the school week
b. reduce the cost of transportation
c. increase the safety risks.
d. improve the fuel-efficient routes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for Nia Parker and her neighbors to go to school?
a. an increase in carbon dioxide emissions
b. the busing company's route map
c. the school district' s bus transportation costs.
d. the traffic and crime of the school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a goal that we need to do?
a. know what the goals are in their life
b. know what the goals are
c. know what the goals are in their life.
d. know what the goals are and how they are

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the secrets that you can get results from?
a. know clearly what should be done
b. know what should be done
c. know what should be done in the future.
d. know how to make a plan

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a dream that is important for us to create what enriche our lives?
a. The Power of Your Goals
b. The Way to Make Your Goals
c. The Way of Getting Results.
d. The Way of achieving Success

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did many of the players earn their money?
a. Many of them earned money in a dishonest way.
b. Many of them earned money in a dishonest way.
c. Some of them earned money by doing so at a high price and not on the same day's work as before, too!
d. Many of them earned money from other people who were caught stealing

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did some of my fellows do when they were overcharging?
a. Don't follow others to overcharge the passengers.
b. Don't let others do that.
c. Let them do it again and then stop doing so in the end, too."
d. Don' m't let others do that to overcharge passengers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the effect of stealing?
a. it does great harm to human relationship
b. it makes people feel lonely
c. it makes people feel lonely.
d. it makes people feel lonely

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has stuck with me?
a. his experience as a baggage boy had a great influence on his late life
b. his father's advice helped him to get along well with others
c. his players were stealing and he was caught in stealing.
d. his parents were not paying for the baggage boy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the people in Cincinnati do to make it so difficult?
a. many people were curious about her motherland
b. she was withdrawn from her studies
c. she was withdrawn by the German people.
d. she was not allowed to make new friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of experience did the host family have in Cincinnati?
a. wonderful
b. sad
c. frightened.
d. disappointed

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to me after I went to Germany?
a. She did miss her friends in Cincinnati when she was at the TU-Dresden.
b. She was a German au pair.
c. Her host family lived in st1odge house with her mother and she had no friends there before it came to Cincinnati, but they were very friendly at that time of the year itself."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the most painful experience in Germany?
a. My culture shock experience
b. My host family.
c. My housemates' visits to Cincinnati and the TU-Dresden, but not my friends."
d. My roommate's visit

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for men and women to be astonished by mountaineering?
a. comfort
b. a lot of money
c. lack thereof.
d. difficulty

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is not manmade?
a. rules
b. rules
c. rules of a different kind.
d. rules for sports

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are the people who do not have a passion for?
a. mountaineers depend on each other while climbing
b. mountaineering is a sport
c. sports are not popular with young people.
d. sports have different rules

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the sport that most young people enjoy?
a. Mountaineers compete against nature.
b. Mountaineering is a sport.
c. Mountaineers are more powerful than men in the Alps, and they can't climb mountains with their own methods or methods of climbing them up to it all by themselves."
d. Mountaineclimbers have to fight forces stronger and stronger

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a sport and not 'game'?
a. Mountaineering.
b. Tennis.
c. Basketball and basketball!
d. Tennis

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for booking online?
a. To attract more tourists to the hotel.
b. To make reservations online.
c. To get a discount on the reservation system by phone and email, or by phone at any time of year in Hawaii!
d. To provide you with more information about the hotel

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the system that allows you to book a room online?
a. Online Reservations
b. Group Accommodations
c. Reservations By Phone.
d. Booking by E-mail

Correct Options is a.
Question: What country is the Standard Time of Hawaii?
a. Hawaii
b. America
c. Canada.
d. Japan

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the minimum number of nights in a hotel?
a. make sure of your check-in and check-out dates
b. Click here to check on an existing online reservation
c. Enter your travel dates and the number of guests below.
d. Click here to check on an existing online reservation

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the UK's first nationality?
a. Britain is the first country to have created three-person babies.
b. Britain is the first country to have created three-person babies.
c. The UK has a history of about 150 years and is the largest one in the world now, with a population of more than 300,000.
d. Britain is the only country to have created three-person babies

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the British MPs vote for?
a. in medical science ethical factors should be taken into consideration
b. the technique is a new way to prevent genetic diseases from being passed down
c. it is a good news for progressive medicine.
d. the technology is not suitable for children in the future

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did MPs vote for the creation of babies with DNA from two women and one man?
a. is in favour of
b. is against
c. is in favor of.
d. is in favour of

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Jonathan Saunders' collection?
a. Cinnamon Boutique
b. Steps Shoes Salon
c. Reversible Belt in Yellow.
d. Color - Block Tunic

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Step'S Shoes Salon say is weathering a little storm?
a. Steps Shoe Salon marks down winter shoes and boots.
b. Steps Shoe Salon is a small shop.
c. Steps Shoe Salon is a big shop in Roscoe, Scotland and the USA of America!
d. Steps Shoe Salon is launching a new store called Dressing Room Shoes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the price of Jonathan Saunders' clothing?
a. The clothes he designed are affordable.
b. He is a designer.
c. He has made great efforts to save money for his clothes and shoes!
d. He designed the clothes in a fashion store

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Kodak's decision to apply for bankruptcy protection?
a. It is approaching its downfall.
b. It is not a successful film company.
c. It is not a leading American corporation to pioneer the digital revolution in America, but finally failed to adapt to the digital revolution."
d. It has been a failure of the traditional film business for decades

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Kodak do with the decision not to apply for bankruptcy protection?
a. To show its early attempt to reinvent itself.
b. To show its failure to adapt to the digital revolution.
c. To explain why Kodak failed in adapting to the digital revolution for decades and finally fail to adapt to the digital revolution."
d. To prove that it was a sad, though not unexpected, turning point of American corporation pioneered consumer photography

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Kodak believe was a major loss to the company?
a. They are deeply stuck in their glorious past.
b. They are not able to adapt to the digital revolution.
c. They have lost their history in the past and beyond, too much of them now."
d. They were not allowed to pursue the role of official film for the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Kodak' decision not to pursue official film for?
a. Its refusal to sponsor the 1984 Olympics.
b. Its failure to adapt to the digital revolution.
c. Its failure of the film industry in 1975 and 1976, too rooted in the successes that were so important for them now."
d. Its lack of competition from Japanese film company Fuji Photo

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to Mr.Smith's son?
a. his father died and left nothing for him
b. he was forced to take up residence in another country
c. his father died and left home for the war.
d. he was forced to take up residence

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Young Smith learn about shoemaking?
a. Knowledge is no burden.
b. It is easy to earn bread.
c. It is difficult for him not to earn his daily bread, but rather to earn money and a fortune."
d. It's hard for him to earn bread in the workshop

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most common way to avoid cancer?
a. Once a smoker has stopped smoking, there is almost no chance for cancers.
b. Smoking is the most dangerous disease in the world.
c. People who smoke are more likely to develop cancers than those with smoking already smoked now and then, they will be less likely for them all by not smoking or using smokeless tobacco alone."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What should you do to lower cancer risk?
a. Those whose diet contains little red meat and a lot of vegetables.
b. Those whose diet contains little or no red meat.
c. Those whose diet contains some vegetables and lots of vegetables, too! to avoid eating healthy foods in moderation?
d. Those whose diet contains many foods that protect against cancer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to reduce risk of cancer?
a. Tips on lifestyle for cancer prevention.
b. The use of smokeless tobacco.
c. The consumption of alcoholic drinks for men and women, reduces cancer risk in the future!
d. The effects of smoking on the immune system

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the parents of two boys and three little boys share?
a. Her new feelings about the present life.
b. Her new feelings about the present life.
c. Her old swing and a couple of rocking chairs in one place, for ice cream alone!
d. Her love for the Mississippi River flowing past their home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the boy who sat on my lap?
a. Bored.
b. Angry.
c. Angry and happy, but sad to me!
d. Worried

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the day that we were together for a little bit?
a. Busy but happy.
b. Relaxing and happy.
c. Relaxed but happy, too!
d. Relaxed with the kids' hands

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the thing that happened to our family?
a. Happiness is everywhere, but we have to discover it.
b. We can't live without our friends.
c. We can' t live with each other in the same way as before, but we can find it there and there is no one to do so!
d. We can' not live without our parents or children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some couples prefer during the ceremony?
a. Some people choose their own style of weddings.
b. Some people choose their own style of weddings.
c. Some people choose their own style of wedding ceremonies and decorations during the ceremony, or even a few close friends in the ceremony!
d. Some people choose their own styles of weddings

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the minister say about their marriage?
a. The minister is the chief witness at the wedding ceremony
b. The minister is the best man and the maid of honor.
c. The minister is the bride's attendant at the wedding ceremony."
d. The minister is the chief witness in the ceremony

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the bride's dress usually consist of?
a. The wedding reception is a party after the wedding ceremony.
b. The wedding ceremony is a party after the ceremony.
c. The wedding ceremony is a party before the ceremony begins, and the bride's attendants are invited to attend it in advance of their vows for each other at the wedding ceremonies!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mrs Smith say was a good thing about Johnson?
a. He was the only guest on that day.
b. He was the only guest on that day.
c. He was the first person to have breakfast with his daughter at home in Penquay, England and London for a week now."
d. He was the last guest of the night when she was in the kitchen

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Johnson' family member?
a. Catherine's father.
b. Mrs. Smith's father
c. Mrs. Johnson and her daughter, Catherine."
d. The landlady of the guest house

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the person who walked into Penquay?
a. Frightened.
b. Angry.
c. Angry, and angry!
d. Worried

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did she think was the most important thing that Johnson had to do?
a. Catherine is fond of telling stories.
b. She was very tired.
c. Her father had been a fisherman for three years, and never returned to London."
d. She was very surprised at the sight of her father's place

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the danger of animal fathers?
a. are rather bad to their kids
b. are too lazy to take care of their kids
c. are too afraid for them.
d. are too shy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for the polar bears being considered to be one of the worst dad'?
a. letting the mothers take care of the kids
b. letting the mothers take care of the kids
c. letting the mothers take up responsibility for feeding them.
d. letting the mothers take away the kids

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the Assassin Bug Size?
a. Little but cruel.
b. A little bug.
c. A little but a little bit of trouble!
d. A little and a little

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Barbra Streisand do to get a photograph of her California beach house?
a. The authority's order.
b. The media's order.
c. The local authority and Martha Payne, in fact a photographer of her own country to photograph it on the Internet at home!
d. The author'd rather than Martha

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Barbra Streisand do when she discovered that a photograph of her California beach house was among 12,000 photos on the internet?
a. The ban on something may have opposite effect.
b. The local authority banned little Martha from doing that again.
c. The media found the problem of the "Streisand effect".
d. The Internet is the world's biggest and most useful copying machine

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where is the Hawaiian Wedding Plant located?
a. Madagascar
b. China
c. Japan.
d. China

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of 25 hot spots for future species extinction?
a. The species in the southwest of Australia will be easily affected by global warming.
b. The species in the southwest of Australia will be wiped out by global warming.
c. The species on the southern tip of Africa can move south because of global warming and deforestation,nty or other threats to the planet's biodiversity are likely to be destroyed across the world now than before."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the big concentration of these areas?
a. are rich in plants and animals
b. are very large
c. are very small and very small.
d. are very small

Correct Options is a.
Question: What part of Australia is named one of 25 hot spots for future species extinction?
a. south
b. north
c. north.
d. south

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the southwest of Australia named as one of 25 hot spots for future species extinction?
a. Global Warming and Species Extinction
b. Global Warming and Species Extinction
c. Climate Changes in the South of Africa.
d. The Nearest Land to Be

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the blind man say about his goat?
a. he couldn't see anything
b. he was too old to see
c. he was too old for his owner.
d. he didn't know how to keep it

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the reason a young man led his goat?
a. depressed
b. frightened
c. worried.
d. disappointed

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Bockman say was a good idea for his hunting buddies?
a. He will share out the alligator meat.
b. He will eat the alligator meat.
c. He will use it for decoration and cooking them with him."
d. He will kill the alligators in the 1960s

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for a single hunter to get close enough?
a. often requires team work
b. is legal
c. is a good idea.
d. is not allowed to hunt

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the size of the 727-pound beast?
a. There arc enough of them for licensed hunters.
b. It was the largest of them.
c. There were only two hunters in it for 12 hours to get close enough by themselves, and they dragged it into their boat with a crossbow."
d. The beast was the most dangerous animal ever killed

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do people think big?
a. Advertisers perform a useful service to communities.
b. Advertisers are not good at advertising.
c. Advertisements are unproductive in the industry, and they don't want to sell goods anymore!
d. Advertisement is a waste of money for the poor old consumer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the person who resents advertising?
a. appreciative.
b. naughty.
c. unfriendly, and kind-hearted!
d. generous

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do people think big?
a. Because advertisers often brag .
b. Because advertisers are not good at advertising.
c. Because advertisers are too lazy to accept criticisms.
d. Because advertisers have no money for their products

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do advertisers think about good quality?
a. Good quality products don't need to be advertised.
b. Good quality products are not cheap.
c. Good quality products are not good for consumers' health and safety, but rather good ones to be advertised in the market of goods or services at all price!
d. Good quality products are more expensive than good quality

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason the Politecnico di Milano is a major university?
a. meets with different responses
b. offers courses in engineering, architecture and design
c. offers undergraduates to graduate students.
d. offers courses for graduate graduates

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main language of the Politecnico di Milano?
a. Italian is widely used.
b. Italian is widely used.
c. It is the largest and most technical university in Italy, with over 40,000 students there now working abroad to do so."
d. It offers undergraduate, graduate and other courses in engineering, architecture and design

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who backed the Politecnico di Milano?
a. the Politechnic leaders
b. the Polittechnic leaders
c. the Council of State.
d. the Politecnic students

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Politecnico di Milano say was wrong?
a. indifferent
b. frightened
c. worried.
d. uninterested

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where did my father move to?
a. his family settled down in the countryside of Indiana
b. Kentucky
c. Indiana.
d. The state of Indiana

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was not a desire for education?
a. the land had yet to be farmed
b. the land had to be built
c. the land was still in the woods.
d. the land had to be built

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the teachers do when they grew up?
a. were of poor quality
b. were of poor quality
c. were of poor quality.
d. were of poor quality

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a teacher do when he moved to Indiana?
a. He thought it was not satisfactory.
b. He thought it was not good.
c. He thought it was too expensive to get education at all, and he didn't know much about the area in Indiana now."
d. He thought it was very difficult for him to find a school

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do you get a credit card?
a. By giving the bank the authority to charge.
b. By asking the merchant to charge back.
c. By asking the bank to pay down your card balance in cash and money on time, at least one credit card is charged by a merchant's account of it all month round,000.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is an example of what?
a. apply for a card with the lowest interest rate
b. Getting a major credit card is easy to establish
c. Getting if you have a problem with your goods and services.
d. Having a major credit card can be your enemy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the new credit card system that most Americans receive every month?
a. Neutral.
b. Optimistic.
c. Uninterested and unpopular,
d. Unforgettable

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do credit cards tend to lead?
a. Credit cards tend to lead card holder into debt
b. Credit cards tend to lead a merchant into trouble
c. Credit cards tend to lead a merchant through unexpected emergencies.
d. Credit cards tend to lead the merchant into debts

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Deng hate drinking milk for breakfast?
a. Because some harmful materials are found in some kinds of milk.
b. Because milk is good for her growing body.
c. Because she has to change her diet since the recent milk crisis, and it's a tiring job in working mothers."
d. Because she doesn't like to cook different foods because of the bad milk products

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Deng Nanna's favorite milk brand?
a. Sanyuan
b. Bright
c. Mengniu.
d. Rice porridge

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Dengan hate drinking milk for breakfast?
a. Deng Nannan began to drink milk because of her mother's advice.
b. She didn't like milk.
c. Her mother didn' eat it for breakfast at all, too!
d. The milk products were not good enough to make plastics

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of a study did Dr. Silva believe technology is damaging family life?
a. Optimistic .
b. Optimistic.
c. Unconcerned, and uninterested in it!
d. Doubtful

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Dr. Silva believe technology is damaging family behavior?
a. Great changes in people's way of life.
b. The quality of family life.
c. The change in people's lifestyle and lifestyle habits, too?
d. The changes in people' s way of life

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between family and technology?
a. People need less skill to do housework due to advanced technology.
b. Technology has an influence on the family.
c. People's choices of how to live create processes of innovation as well in changing the world and the family suffer from technology itself, too!
d. The microwave oven was developed for the navy during World War Two

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason people are not in argument?
a. A slow growth for a long time and then a period of rapid, dramatic increase.
b. A sudden enthusiasm for more children and a period of rapid, dramatic increase.
c. The reason why population growth is characterized by rapid increases in population from 8000 B.C to 6000 B.D."
d. The reason why population growth has increased rapidly since the year 2000

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main difference between fertility and population growth?
a. there was higher mortality than fertility in most places
b. Population growth was a comparatively recent phenomenon
c. population growth is a sudden enthusiasm for more children.
d. Population growth has increased from 8 million to 500 million in 1650

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one thing that can be seen as an issue in human history?
a. present us a brief and clear picture of the demographic growth
b. show us the rapid growth of population
c. show us the sudden enthusiasm for more children.
d. show us the importance of reducing the time frame to something manageable

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of food does Frigo's provide?
a. People who are fond of Italian food
b. People who like Italian music
c. People who like to cook food in a restaurant.
d. People who want to have dinner at home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the cost of a chicken sandwich and salad?
a. Customers eating happily around tables
b. Customers eating in a restaurant
c. Customers eating at home.
d. Customers eating on the table

Correct Options is a.
Question: How much did the chicken sandwich cost for a salad?
a. $9.74
b. $4.99
c. $5.25
d. $65.75

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of food did I order in Frigo's?
a. sandwiches
b. salads
c. chicken breast.
d. chicken

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the place where Italian food is served?
a. feels very happy that be has found Frigo's
b. is a small street in the south end of Springfield
c. has many tables filled with Italian music.
d. is surrounded by traditional italian musicians

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the number of students in Beijing's survey?
a. 14250
b. 13250
c. 133.20
d. 14300

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do conflict between parents and children center on?
a. Students' school grades, weight and friends.
b. Parents' old fashioned ideas.
c. Parents' privacy and time spent surfing the web, they say so."
d. Parents' influence over children is decreasing

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the Beijing Morning Post say about parents?
a. Parents today expect too high from their children.
b. Parents are not afraid of their children.
c. Parents are not good at their children's education, too?
d. Parents are not interested in their children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the Beijing Morning Post say about Chinese middle school students?
a. Most parents require their children to be the top ones in the class.
b. They are afraid of their parents.
c. Their children are not good at school education, according to the survey results from the survey conducted by the Beijing University and Harvard Research Center in China."
d. Parents expect their children to be the top 15 students for their study

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did she do when I was searching?
a. She helped the old lady look for her hearing aid.
b. She walked up and down the passage with a flashlight.
c. She turned up all kinds of small objects, bits of plastic or broken pieces of headphones in her seat to find it right away!
d. She made an appointment for the new tiny hidden-in-the-ear type she described

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the flight attendants do to find?
a. She lost her hearing aid by accident.
b. She was a Buddhist nun.
c. She was searching for the old lady's hearing aid in her seat and on the floor of the plane, too!
d. She found dozens of small objects under the seat while waiting to be rescued by the passengers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a flight attendant do when searching for her missing hearing aid?
a. Close to the old lady' seat.
b. In front of the old lady.
c. On the floor with her hands and knees on it's way to Los Angeles, in Sydney or Los Angeles - from Sydney To Los Angeles!
d. At the airport where the old lady was staying

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the flight attendants do to find an old lady'd hearing aid?
a. To tell us a story about kind help.
b. To show us how to use it.
c. To tell us how to use it in a dark cabin, and then get it adjusted right away from the plane's seat."
d. To ask for help when the flight was over

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the blacksmith do?
a. All roads lead to Rome.
b. He worked in a shop.
c. His son was very rich and hardworking at work, too!
d. He worked all day long with his friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the cost of registration for a workshop?
a. 202-245-4521
b. 301-962-1400
c. 202-225-8333.
d. 202-200-8956

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the exhibit that will be on display at Botanical 2007: The Art and Science of Plants?
a. can find displays of 20 botanic gardens across the country
b. can find photographs of flowers, leaves and other botanical life
c. can find displays at Brookside Gardens Visitors Center.
d. can find displays of 20 public botanic gardens across the country

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the first exhibit of Botanic 2007 show?
a. the first event is about growing healthy plants
b. the first event is about planting plants
c. the second event is about catching birds and animals.
d. the last event is about growing trees

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Jim Hawkins' true story about?
a. do not trust banks
b. bury treasure in a park
c. bury treasure to stop other people from taking it.
d. bury treasure for people who have lost their money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the national treasure hunt in Britain?
a. started a nationwide treasure hunt.
b. a national treasure hunt.
c. Thousands of people took part in the nationwide treasure hunts and buried it all over Britain, hoping to find it again!
d. Thousands of people took part in the national treasure hunt

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Robert Louis Stephenson' "Treasured Island"?
a. is about the adventures of Jim Hawkins.
b. is about a young boy who is captured by pirates.
c. is about the adventures of Jim Hawkins and his friends in Britain, too!
d. is about some treasure that he had buried

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to Jim Hawkins when he went away?
a. thought his money was safer there than in a bank.
b. He was caught by pirates.
c. he was captured in the park and lost his money there at once, too!
d. He was caught on pirates when he was away from the park

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the man who buried his savings in bank notes?
a. a waterproof bag is not proof against worms and insects.
b. a waterproof bag is not proof against worms and insects.
c. worms are not proof to keep their money in bank notes, too!
d. worms are not proof of the water that is lost

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the important part of life without music?
a. The importance of music.
b. The importance of music.
c. The meanings and meanings in life, too or not without music."
d. The senses but the plot

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good thing about life without music?
a. don't realize the importance of music
b. don't like music
c. can' t be exciting.
d. can't understand the record

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the key to success in a high school student?
a. keep an excellent folder and notebook
b. make clear lists
c. check off assignments once completed.
d. write an outline of the section or chapter

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a school that can teach new words?
a. How to Actively Study in High School
b. How to Make a List
c. How to Make a commitment.
d. How to Make a List of Everything

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for a planet being in this Goldilocks zone?
a. Liquid water on its surface.
b. Warm water.
c. Cold air and hot soils in it's atmosphere, too!
d. Warm water from its star

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of the new computer models?
a. To prove that life may also exist in other planets.
b. To show that the planets are too crowded.
c. To prove that life may be in the deep biosphere of Earth and beyond, to confirm it as a very crowded place for people alone or on earth."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way that scientists can identify habitable planet?
a. Planets can receive heat generated deep inside the planet.
b. Planets can have liquid water on its surface.
c. Earth is too hot and not too cold to be seen in the earth's crust of a planet, or near it from its star as ice itself."
d. Planets can receive underground water kept by heat inside the planet

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do researchers hope to find?
a. They will help identify planets where there is life.
b. They will find a place where there is life.
c. They will find a place with water kept in the earth's deep biosphere, and they can find it easily to live on them."
d. They will find a place where there is space for living

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a factor that can cause grade inflation?
a. many instructors adapt to the students' expectations
b. the students' learning experience is better
c. the students' education will be improved.
d. teachers' quality is the most important factor

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a new study that has been published by professors?
a. A's are becoming easy to earn at most US universities
b. A's are becoming more popular in the US
c. A's are becoming more popular at universities.
d. A's are becoming a lot harder to earn than other students

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did American professors say about old times?
a. miss the days when A's were hard to earn
b. miss the days when A's were hard to earn
c. miss the days where A's were difficult for students.
d. miss the days when A's were tougher than before

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for a bug that causes obesity?
a. we don't want to look fat
b. we don't want to eat anything
c. we don' have enough food for our health.
d. we don've got too much fat

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the Chinese believe is responsible for obesity?
a. Obesity is related to a kind of bacteria.
b. Obesity is caused by a kind of bacteria.
c. Obesity is caused by a kind of bacteria in the gut, too!
d. Obesity is caused by a kind of bacteria

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did scientists believe was a cause of obesity?
a. Scientists found bacteria may be related to many diseases.
b. The bacteria in the gut can produce fat.
c. It is a kind of food that can produce fat and consumes fat, too much for obese people to lose weight at present."
d. Scientists found that microscopic organisms in the gut may play an important role in weight gain

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did scientists find in mice?
a. the amount of gut bacteria was decreased
b. the amount of fat was reduced
c. the amount of food in mice decreased.
d. the amount of food bacteria increased

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the research team that found a link between obesity and gut microbiote in mice?
a. A medical discovery.
b. A research team.
c. An official study of obesity and gut microbiote in mice, too!
d. A scientific discovery

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of elephants?
a. used to do tasks that need strength
b. used to carry wood for the logging industry
c. used as beasts of burden.
d. used to help carry wood

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the nation that carries wood?
a. honor elephants for their devotion to the country
b. honor the people of Thailand
c. honor the people in Thailand for their kindness.
d. honor the people who carry wood

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the danger of elephants being thrown out of Thailand?
a. Elephants also face the risk of being killed in Thailand.
b. Elephants are not allowed to live in Thailand.
c. Elephants are not allowed to live with their owners at all, too!
d. Elephants are not allowed to live without animals

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of attitude is one person who said that we must change our bad habits?
a. optimistic
b. optimistic
c. positive.
d. negative

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important thing about a news release?
a. To make us know how to make the news release.
b. To make us know the newsworthy.
c. To tell us the information about the event in a timely way, and to keep it short or professional for a long time."
d. To show that we are prepared by the media at an event

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important thing about a press release?
a. Make the news release newsworthy and accuracy.
b. Make the news release short and professional.
c. Include the news release in quotations from your designated spokesperson'rmaen, or a spokesperson for the event at the same time as you have told them to show up on an event!
d. Make the news release clearer than the one who writes it

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good idea about a news release?
a. Lacking experience,the person who writes the release may make mistakes.
b. The media receives hundreds of releases every day.
c. The news release is a tool of communication,through which information is passed to the farthest end in the world and beyond that timeframe!
d. The press must be prepared for the event by the time the media arrive

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the two friends think about their holiday?
a. They thought out the idea by chance and imagination
b. They thought it was a great idea
c. They thought it was a good idea to talk like pirates.
d. They thought it was mainly about the young people' dream

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long has Talk Like A Pirate Day been known?
a. The holiday has been popular since the birth of it.
b. It has been celebrated by many people.
c. The holiday has been popular since it was invented in 1995 and now is a international one for young Americans to do so every year, too!
d. It has been known by many people because of its popularity

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the year that happened to talk like pirates?
a. It is a brand new holiday invented and celebrated by the youth themselves.
b. It is a special holiday that was invented by two young Americans.
c. It is a special holiday which is celebrated in the youth's hometown of London, England and France at present!
d. It is a special holiday made by two young people who are interested in pirate

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the day that people start to think about Pirates?
a. Can you talk like a pirate?
b. Can you talk like a pirate?
c. How to talk like pity.
d. Can you talk like a friend in the movie

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the bird that took peacock to take him away?
a. fable
b. a tortoise
c. a bird-catcher.
d. a tortoise

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did the tortoise dive into water and give it to him?
a. Because he wanted to get one more pearl.
b. Because he wanted to catch the tortoise.
c. Because a bird-catcher asked him to let the peacock go immediately, and it was too late for him in time of danger!
d. Because he wanted to make friends with the tortoise

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the tortoiss say to him?
a. a friend in need is a friend indeed
b. a friend in need is a friend
c. he is a friend indeed.
d. if you give a handsome present, will you let my friend go?

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the tortoise do to his friend?
a. if we are too greedy, we may get nothing
b. we should give the tortoise a handsome present
c. we should give the tortoiser he will let go.
d. we should give the tortois a handsome present

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the Gold Coast Wax Museum?
a. enjoy some world-class vivid max-works in the Museum
b. Visit the Cold Coast's longest running attractions
c. Visit many famous people in Australia and Europe.
d. Visit some famous figures from all over the world

Correct Options is a.
Question: How much does the Gold Coast Wax Museum cost?
a. $68
b. $29
c. $120.50
d. $22

Correct Options is a.
Question: How are the figures in Gold Coast Wax Museum displayed?
a. on a webpage
b. in a newspaper
c. on a TV program.
d. at the Internet

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who did the ancient god guide to make his home in Reykjavik?
a. was named by Iceland's first settler.
b. The ancient gods themselves.
c. The ancient gods himself and his family members in Reykjavik' s home country, it is the capital of Iceland."
d. The ancient gods themselves helped him to make his home in Reikjavik

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the city's water source do?
a. people living in Reykiavik seldom get heat from coal.
b. It is a beautiful river.
c. it is a natural place to live in Reykiavik, which has a population of 170,000,000.
d. it is a rich mix of culture and local village roots

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to my Dad's life?
a. had an accident and died at sea
b. had a bad weather and died at sea
c. was too busy to live on the sea.
d. had a bad weather

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my Dad say was embarrassing?
a. .tell readers about his father's love to him
b. <pad>.make readers laugh at his father <sep>.tell readers about his father's love to him and others."
c. readers about his father' the way of life

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has been a concern for schoolgirls at Paget High School?
a. short skirts give people the impression of sexualisation
b. Short skirts are not suitable for girls
c. short skirts are too expensive to wear.
d. Short skirts are a good way of preventing sexualisation

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was explained in a letter sent to parents who wanted to change their uniforms?
a. the pupils' parents were informed of the new clothing policy
b. the new clothing rules were not well received by everyone
c. the new clothes had been changed in order to be fashionable.
d. the new uniform rules were not accepted at all

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the new clothing policy?
a. Supportive.
b. Unfair.
c. Unfair and unpopular!
d. Unfair

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the new uniform that will be banned from September?
a. Girls' Skirts Forbidden
b. Shorts and Shorts
c. Shorts, Tight-fitting Hose.
d. Shorts & Shorts

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Mir's house?
a. On a beach at night
b. On the beach
c. In a park.
d. At a hotel

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mira look at the baby turtles?
a. Surprised.
b. Surprised.
c. Surprised, and surprised!
d. Surprised

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mira remember when the sea turtles began to pull themselves towards the dunes?
a. Her grandmother told her.
b. She was puzzled.
c. Her mother told her to do so, and she didn't know it until now!
d. She was surprised at the sea turtles

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mira see her mother and father sitting on?
a. To turn off the porch light.
b. To run down the dunes.
c. To run to the beach with her whole family following them in time and again at night."
d. To look out across the dunes on the beach

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mira look in surprise at?
a. saving the baby turtles
b. burying eggs
c. swimming away from the sea.
d. burying their eggs on the beach

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to Skaar's office?
a. they rushed back and shut the door
b. they jumped out of the hallway
c. they jumped into the hallway with her jacket.
d. they jumped to the door and sat down

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Skaar do to her office?
a. get the reader's attention
b. call her office mate
c. call the reporter's home.
d. call 911 to help

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Skaar see in he's workroom?
a. breaking the windows to get some fresh air
b. escaping from the outside world
c. getting out of the hallway with her jacket.
d. letting the fire go away

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Skaar do to her office?
a. she remained calm in the face of danger
b. she stayed late to work
c. she stayed in the office with her desk.
d. she stayed late for work

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is China' kingdom of bicycle?
a. Because the central government encourages people to save energy.
b. Because the country's efforts to save energy are not successful.
c. Because the central government wants to reduce the amount of electricity consumption by 20 percent in the next five years, and that is a good idea for China."
d. Because the national development and reform Commission wants to make more money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What will China expect for growth?
a. the output of electric bikes is expected to increase at least 80 percent in the coming five years
b. the production value of the electric bike industry is expected to be 70 billion yuan
c. the production value of the energy-efficient vehicle in China will be 70 billion yuan.
d. the country will sell about 3 million electric bikes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the "kingdom of bike"?
a. China's quick growth in electric bicycle
b. China's efforts to save energy
c. China' s efforts for improving the environment.
d. China's efforts to improve the environment

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the subject that was sold for more than $400, 000?
a. To introduce the topic of the passage.
b. To introduce the subject of the passage.
c. To explain how to sell digital objects in a library and libraries?
d. To show how to deal with the electronic world

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long did the library have to wait for digital archives?
a. is still in its early stage
b. is still in its early stage
c. has been in its late stages.
d. has been in its early stages

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who wrote a letter that was sold for more than $400, 000?
a. Gordon Bell.
b. Albert Einstein.
c. Gabriel Heaton, a literary manuscript specialist."
d. Joan Winterkorn

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of digital archive did John Updike use in his archives?
a. Neutral.
b. Hard-working.
c. Hard.
d. Hard-drived

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of the Homeless World Cup?
a. help the homeless start a new life
b. help the homeless get a home
c. help the homeless find jobs in their homes.
d. help the homeless find jobs

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many teams compete?
a. Nearly 50 teams competed in the tournament .
b. About 50 teams competed in the tournament.
c. More than half of the team participated at the tournament, and more were involved there later that year hinweg

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where did Ladji Doucoure win the men's 110 meters hurdle?
a. in a newspaper
b. in a newspaper
c. at the 10thworld championships.
d. on a TV programme

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many times did Ladji Doucoure win?
a. He won the world champion title four times.
b. He won the world champion title four times.
c. He won the world champion title three times in his career, and he won the world championships twice at last!
d. He won the world champion title five times since he was 12.97

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the title for Liu Xinang?
a. he had run the track next to Ladji Doucoure of Allen Johnson
b. he had won the men's 110 meters hurdle in America
c. he had won the gold medal with 12.91 seconds.
d. he had been satisfied with the silver medal

Correct Options is a.
Question: What may be stressful to one person?
a. a traffic jam
b. a crying baby
c. a crying child.
d. a sleeping baby

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the body's way of showing anxiety or worry?
a. tell different people react to stress differently
b. tell people that stress is not just caused by our mental or emotional condition
c. tell people that we can't do anything about a situation.
d. tell people that we can get enough physical exercise

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the key points to relieving stress?
a. Finding the cause and making changes.
b. Having enough physical exercise.
c. Getting enough vitamins and minerals to get enough energy for the body's way of showing anxiety or worry in our lives, too!
d. Taking good care of the people who are stressed by stress

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does it mean to feel stressed?
a. anyone can experience stress when he is out of control
b. people can't do anything about a situation
c. people can feel stressed when they are busy.
d. people can have a good rest while others can stay calm

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Stephen do when he was in college?
a. wasn't very confident about himself.
b. was very busy with his assignments.
c. was very excited about the work of his classmates and family members, too!
d. was not able to pass all of his courses on time

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Stephen do to help him plan?
a. arranged his workload better.
b. arranged his assignments on time.
c. made master calendars of all the assignments for him to do at school and in class with others, too!
d. arranged his assignments as quickly as possible

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did he do before he passed all of his courses?
a. told Stephen how to deal with his study.
b. told Stephen how to be a teacher.
c. told Stephen how to make a master calendar of all the assignments for his students' workloads and their students in class on time, at least once every day."
d. told Stephen how to get a measure of self-esteem by passing all of his courses

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Philip say Stephen would do to his students?
a. One bite at a time
b. One bite at a time
c. Two bites in each class.
d. Three bite-sized parts

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the new study that found?
a. women are more likely to suffer from the damaging effects of smoking than men.
b. Women are more likely to suffer from the damaging effects of smoking than men.
c. Women have the same level of C.O.P.D as men in both cases and had a greater loss of lung function now, too!
d. Women are more likely to suffer from C.O.P.D

Correct Options is a.
Question: What organization is the National Institutes of Health?
a. Health report
b. Health report
c. Health research.
d. Health department

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for a "sixth sense"?
a. why animals can save them from natural disasters
b. why animals can sense disasters
c. why animals can save them from disaster.
d. why animals can't escape the Indian Ocean tsunami

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for a wild animal to escape the Indian Ocean tsunami?
a. It's generally considered that animals can sense the coming of disasters.
b. It's not possible for animals to escape disaster.
c. It'll be able to pick up certain phenomena, especially birds and elephants in the future!
d. It'd better test it on a lab or field setting than before

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the Sri Lankan wildlife department believe animals have a sixth sense?
a. It is some hidden power to say in advance that something will happen.
b. It is a good idea to know when things are happening.
c. They can sense disasters without any sense of smell or hearing, and they can't see anything else in the future."
d. They can sense disaster by knowing what happens on Sri Lanka'S damaged coast

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the group that has been able to pick up certain phenomena?
a. Discovery.
b. Rescue.
c. Rescue and rescue of animals in the Indian Ocean tsunamis, or earthquake deaths?
d. Rescue for wild animals

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for a lot of young people to be excited by science?
a. School and society should encourage young people to become professional scientists.
b. Science is irrelevant to the lives of ordinary Americans.
c. Scientists are not always able to communicate their findings in an easy-to-understand manner, and they should do a better job at explaining what they have discovered."
d. Scientists should do more than others' efforts

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one thing that requires young people to become professional scientists?
a. support and understand the need of scientific education
b. make decisions that depend on some scientific facts
c. understand the importance of science and the general public.
d. make efforts to understand what is being said

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some people end up as?
a. Policy-makers
b. Scientists
c. Nonscientist-makers.
d. Scientists

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the food that most Australians are eating at home?
a. Subway is a chain restaurant and it is from the USA
b. Subway is a chain restaurant and it is from the USA
c. It is a chain restaurant in Australia.
d. It is mainly served by first-generation immigrants

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the goal of your dad' teen relationship?
a. get along well with their fathers
b. make friends with their fathers
c. get through the pressure of school and girls.
d. keep your mouth respectful

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is your dad'd authority to do?
a. fathers have the right to guide teenagers
b. Make mistakes.
c. Help teenagers make mistakes and honor them all by themselves."
d. Help teenagers get through the pressures

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good way to do it?
a. when disagreements get worse
b. when you are in trouble
c. if you don't agree with your dad.
d. when you are in trouble

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a key part of your relationship with dad?
a. fathers play an important role in teenagers' growth
b. Parents should be careful when they are young
c. Parents should give up their children's life.
d. Parents should help teenagers learn to deal with problems

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the old gap that makes a better living?
a. white-collar workers in the US used to make more money than blue-collar workers
b. blue collar workers are more skilled than white-collar worker
c. blue collar workers have more work to deal with.
d. blue collar workers are more skilled

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the person who has a high school degree?
a. Every young man and woman wants to go to college.
b. A young man and woman wants to go back home.
c. A young man is a good student of high school degree, but he is not sure about it at all!
d. A young man and woman want to go to college

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason why high school teachers play their part in preparing students?
a. many people who are not fit for college education go to college
b. the students are too busy to go out of grade school
c. they are too lazy for their children's education.
d. they are too young and overeducated

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason why colleges and graduate schools continue to turn out highly trained workers?
a. fewer people should go to college while more should be trained for skilled jobs
b. fewer people should go to college while fewer are trained for skilled jobs
c. fewer people should go to college and fewer should be trained in the field of education.
d. fewer people should go to college but fewer should be trained for skilled jobs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the English say about studying?
a. They give too much burden for them to bear.
b. They are too busy to study.
c. They have no time for them studying at all, and they are too busy with their studies."
d. They don't want to be a good student in high school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the English saying mean?
a. That they fail to relax themselves during their work.
b. That they are too busy to work.
c. That they have no time for studying at all in high school and university, or if they want to get ideal jobs with good salaries?
d. That they can't get into top universities even if they work very hard

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the English word for "_"?
a. How to be a healthy and successful learner.
b. How to get ideal jobs with good salaries.
c. How to get into a top university without time for relaxation and study hard at home, too!
d. How to keep up your ambitions while working

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the thirdbestpaid in India?
a. School teachers.
b. School entry.
c. School students' attendance at the primary level is only 85% of all pupils in India, and they are often absent from schooling there."
d. Teachers' attendance at the secondary level is only 85%

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one reason for India being able to educate children?
a. It improves the quality of India's education.
b. It is a country with a nationwide network of state primary schools.
c. It has a special designed tax to help India improve its education system and economy in the developing world, too!
d. It helps India develop more economically than in the developing countries

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Marcus's name?
a. Thoughtful.
b. Angry.
c. Unforgettable, and frightened by it!
d. Unknown to me

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to me after the accident?
a. felt very close to Marcus when he first woke up
b. was very sad
c. felt very angry with Marcus.
d. felt very happy to have a good rest

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Marcus's twin?
a. Angry.
b. Angry.
c. Unforgettable, and frightened!
d. Uninterested

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Marcus feel he was perfect?
a. To express his gratitude to his twin.
b. To express his love for the twin.
c. To show his family photos to him, and he was happy with it all by himself!
d. To tell us about his dark side of life

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Marcus do when he was in the car accident?
a. My Twin Rewrote My Childhood
b. My Child Rewrote my Family
c. My Daughter cried at her bedside.
d. My Twin was crying

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the first step in building a site?
a. how to build your own website
b. how to use a traditional magazine
c. how to draw up the material on your website.
d. how to download large image files

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good idea to do when building your website?
a. where you can meet people on the Internet
b. where you can read a lot of text online
c. where you can download large image files.
d. where you can put any material on your site

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main purpose of a website?
a. to direct people to more of your pages
b. to make your website more popular
c. to help people find a better place for their business.
d. to provide you with free services

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important thing about having a web address?
a. you may never have your website working
b. you may have a street address
c. your website is an electronic meeting place for millions of people around the world.
d. you may not need to spend a cent on your website

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do boys and girls leave school?
a. by either train or car
b. by train
c. on foot.
d. by bike

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important part of a summer holiday in England?
a. play out-of-door
b. play in the garden
c. go to a park.
d. play with friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best place for a summer holiday?
a. do all of the above
b. Play in the garden
c. Go to a park for fun.
d. Play with children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Lindsay Morgan Lohan's first acting job?
a. A dancer.
b. A writer.
c. A writer and a doctor,
d. A doctor

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many albums did Lindsay Morgan have?
a. Lohan has released two albums since 2005.
b. Two albums.
c. Three albums since 2005, and one Album in 2007.
d. One album after 2005

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the chemist say were better?
a. The US army produced more chocolate bars than necessary for its soldiers.
b. The US army made more chocolate bars than necessary for its soldiers.
c. The US army produced more chocolate bars that needed to be used in the bath and eat them too quickly, so it was not able of being hungry enough by other Europeans or local citizens at all."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did John Otto say about chocolate bars?
a. To describe the hunger in Germany during the war.
b. To describe the food in the US army kitchen.
c. To explain how the soldiers were begging for chocolates at that time, they didn't like them any more."
d. To show that the people in the US were not hungry enough to eat it quickly

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the country that made chocolate bars?
a. the US soldiers never showed up in the small town she lived in
b. the US soldiers were not hungry
c. the US army was occupied by the British.
d. the US soldiers were not hungry enough

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the university of Hawaii hope to do?
a. The color1 that they glow isn't of interest to scientists.
b. The rabbits glow in the dark.
c. They have injected jellyfish DNA into a mother's embryo to produce medicines for animals, and they can produce their own protein-based medication with them."
d. Scientists are waiting to see if pregnant sheep produce similar results

Correct Options is a.
Question: What animal is expected to be able to produce their own protein-based medication in animals?
a. sheep
b. rabbits
c. cats.
d. rabbits

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long has the project been done?
a. The project has been conducted for about eight years.
b. The rabbits have been born in Turkey.
c. The rabbits are expected to live as long as non-glowing rabbits, and they can produce their own protein based medication for animals."
d. The rabbits are expected to live as long as non-glowing rabbits

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of engineering team has created rabbits that glow in the dark?
a. Supportive
b. Supportive
c. Unfriendly.
d. Optimistic

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the food that a goat keeper discovered in Ethiopia?
a. Foods.
b. Coffee.
c. Fruits and vegetables, but not fruits in the coffee tree!
d. Foods made into a drink by Arabs during the 1400s

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where did many other foods travel from?
a. South America; the Old World
b. Europe; the New World
c. Brazil and Africa.
d. Brazil, the world's largest grower of coffee

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the result of the Spanish's chocolate drink?
a. the production of potatoes reduced
b. the production of potatoes increased
c. the production of potatoes decreased.
d. the production of potatoes reduced

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who first made chocolate drink from cacao?
a. South American Indians.
b. The Spanish.
c. The Spanish people in the New World, and Ireland now a big country for coffee drinkers to grow it from Africa or Europe."
d. The Spanish who brought it to Europe during the 1500s

Correct Options is a.
Question: When was coffee first made?
a. in the morning
b. in the afternoon
c. at night.
d. during the afternoon

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Obama say about roads, railway and runway?
a. The US president launched a new program aiming at improving the nation's infrastructure.
b. The U.S. economy is improving in the long haul,
c. The U.S. government has a new plan to build more roads and runways for the future of America."
d. The U.S. economy will be improved over the long haul

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of infrastructure did Obama announce at an event in Milwaukee, Wisconsin?
a. Roads.
b. Railways.
c. Railwayses and runways, along with roads in Wisconsin!
d. Railways

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Mr. Jones' teacher in London?
a. Do you want to join my gang?
b. Do you want to be a football player?
c. Do you want to be a footballer in the classroom.
d. Do you want to be a football star at school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mr. Jones say to him?
a. the writer was not greeted as he expected
b. the writer was not a good teacher
c. the writer was not a good student.
d. the writer was too tall to be a goalkeeper

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mr. Jones do when he asked several boys about Dickens?
a. he was beginning to be accepted
b. he was not afraid of him
c. he was too shy to be accepted.
d. he was very fond of David Copperfield

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Harlow's monkey work do?
a. was nothing new to people about the findings
b. was a good way to make people feel comfortable
c. was not important for children's health.
d. was very important in the study

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did the monkeys do not have a "no touch, no comfort" policy?
a. Because Harlow's work changed people's former belief in child care.
b. Because Harlow's work was not important.
c. Because Harlow' s work was too difficult to do with children at the time of their work, and they didn't like them any more in life or death as well!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Harry Harlow's experiments show that lack of love and comfort makes for?
a. make a comparison
b. make a comparison
c. make pity.
d. make a comparison

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Harlow' adolescent work?
a. The newborns were not allowed to be with their mothers in the past in the hospital.
b. The babies were not allowed to be with their mothers in the hospital.
c. The newborns were not allowed to be with their mothers at all, and they were not permitted by law or regulation of human tests for children's health care standards."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has Jim Steyer been studying?
a. They have become more addicted to digital media.
b. They have become more interested in digital media.
c. They have become more interested in digital media platforms than before now, and they have become more interested at home with their kids' books or tablets to read on again soon!
d. They have become more addicted to the Internet because of the increasing use of new technology

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Jim Steyer's belief about reading more?
a. Kids are easily distracted on the Internet.
b. Kids are more attracted to digital media platforms.
c. Kids have access to e-readers and other smart electronic devices, like phones or tablets?'."
d. Kids are reading less because they don't need to do much research on the Internet

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for kids being more able to read on digital media platforms?
a. Why aren't teens reading like they used to?
b. Why aren't teens reading like they used to?
c. Because they don' a lot of money.
d. Because they have no access to the digital media platforms

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the last time this play was performed in Beijing?
a. Death of a Salesman Returns to Beijing
b. The first series of performances was held in Beijing
c. The first series of performances were performed at the Capital Theatre.
d. The first series of performances lasted until August 18

Correct Options is a.
Question: What award did Death of a Salesman receive in 1999?
a. The play received the Tony Award twice.
b. The play was created by Arthur Miller.
c. The play was directed personally in China and lasted until August 18 with over 50 performances at the Capital Theatre, which had great influence on Chinese society."
d. The play was performed for the first time to be performed

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Singapore Women's Everest team do?
a. They made history as mountaineers.
b. They made a dream.
c. They worked hard every day for their dream, so I really admire them."
d. They gave $800,000 to charities in Ghana

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Singapore Women's Everest team do to help people in need?
a. kindness
b. training
c. training.
d. learning

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is the Salwen family from Atlanta,USA?
a. Mark.
b. Mark.
c. William Kloster and Steve Jobs's friends in Ghana,sagent of the world!
d. Richard Hale

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the article published about?
a. marriage nowadays
b. marriage nowadays
c. marriage in England.
d. marriage at home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What would a woman do when she is married?
a. wants her to stay at home
b. wants to work
c. wants to get a job.
d. wants to work

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the effect of women going out to work in England?
a. would make men lose chances for work
b. would make men lose their jobs
c. could make men lose their jobs.
d. would make men lose their jobs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Ted Stubbs Southend do when I go to work?
a. her husband looks after the children
b. She is a bus driver
c. Her husband is very good with the children.
d. She is very happy

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Paul get his car from him?
a. Because he didn't say what Paul had expected.
b. Because he wanted to show his neighbors that he could ride home in a big automobile.
c. Because he wanted to show his neighbors that he could be able to be if he had wished for it at Christmas Eve!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Paul want for him?
a. The boy wanted to show his neighbors that he could ride in a big car.
b. The boy wanted to show his neighbors that he could ride in a big car.
c. The boy wanted to show that he could be able to ride home with his neighbors at once, too!
d. The boy wanted to show that he could have gotten a good present from his brother

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Paul's reaction to his car?
a. Kind-hearted and thoughtful.
b. Kind and generous.
c. Kind-hearted but kind of minded people in need to drive it home for Christmas!
d. Kind-hearted, kind-hearted or foolish

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Paul think he wanted his neighbors to do?
a. It's better to give than to receive.
b. It's better to drive home.
c. It'll cost more than to receive, and it's better for them not to ride in a big automobile."
d. It'd be better to drive with his brother as he wanted

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many nicknames does the British policeman have?
a. three
b. two
c. four.
d. five

Correct Options is a.
Question: How often does the British policeman use their nicknames?
a. is not used any more
b. is used more
c. has a lot of time.
d. is used less

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of character does bobby have?
a. the British policeman is friendly and helpful
b. the British policeman is very friendly
c. the British policeman is very friendly and helpful.
d. the British policeman is very kind

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the song that a London music-hall person sings?
a. Only the British policeman knows the time very well.
b. The British policeman is a very friendly and helpful person.
c. The British policeman is a very friendly and helpful person in London, too!
d. The British policemen are always very friendly to the people who want to know the time

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the town that covers the area of Monteriggion?
a. Vineyards
b. TheCastle
c. Arme.
d. Church of Santa Maria Assunta

Correct Options is a.
Question: How is the castle of Monteriggioni built?
a. on foot
b. by bike
c. on horse-back.
d. by train

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the travel guide that will help you find what?
a. In a travel guidebook.
b. In a travel guidebook.
c. On the website of a traveler's book, and in a travel brochure for you to read on foot or by bike with your friends at home!
d. In if you want to visit Florence

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for a two-lane highway approaching?
a. shared trust and cooperation
b. a lack of good faith and judgment
c. the approaching light is hardly dangerous.
d. the approaching light may not be able to be a threat

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did I wonder about the driver?
a. he might be killed out of the other's careless driving
b. he might be put off by a phone conversation
c. he might be put off in the approaching light.
d. he might be put off by a phone call

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the problem of international terrorism?
a. peoples' fates can't be controlled by themselves
b. police and intelligence forces are not involved in it
c. police and intelligence force have no control over the world.
d. people's fates are not controlled by themselves

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of articles do you put on your blog?
a. Good articles.
b. Funny articles.
c. Funny stories and pictures on your blog!
d. Funny books

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do you like the English letter?
a. Yang says he can chat freely with many friends and relax on QQ.
b. Yang says he can chat freely on QQ.
c. Yang says he can chat with his friends and family members online at weekends, but not on QQ alone in the afternoons or evening hours of the weektime

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Keynes think of absolute needs?
a. relative needs alone lead to insatiable demands
b. absolute needs are independent of what others have
c. relative needs make us feel superior to our fellows.
d. relative needs are independent from what others have

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the definition of a human need?
a. absolute needs have no limits
b. absolute needs are insatiable
c. relative needs have no limits.
d. human needs are incompatible with others

Correct Options is a.
Question: What movie is starring James Bond?
a. the film, Casino Royale
b. the film, Parkour
c. The movie, Walking by Fire.
d. The film, Walking By a Windowill

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is parkour?
a. It challenges human abilities.
b. It is a good exercise.
c. It is an extreme street sport, and it is popular worldwide in the world!
d. It can be as exciting and charming as it sounds

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the philosophy behind parkour?
a. Determination and freedom.
b. The way to do everything.
c. The way to achieve the destination successfully in parkour's life."
d. The ways to get over all obstacles on the course and in life

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the author share with him?
a. The writer's best memories of his teaching experience.
b. The writer's experiences of his teaching experience.
c. The writer' a great deal about his teaching activities and behavior challenges in the classroom, at school or abroad."
d. The writer' an interesting story on how to get along with his students

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the main challenge that occurred to me during my student teaching experience?
a. limit his freedom and his behaviour
b. <pad>.he lacks discipline and behavior <sep>.he lacks discipline but not behavior problems in his life
c. has to deal with different kinds of behaviors

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Michael's behavior?
a. He often shouted and stood up to distract the teacher.
b. He often cried and laughed at the teacher.
c. He often laughed as the teacher was talking to him about things outside of school life, so he didn't want to do it any more in his spare time!
d. He often asked the teacher to help him with his homework

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Tony do to help him?
a. Different students should be taught in different ways.
b. He should be a slow and passive learner.
c. He should be able to get along well with others in the school life, too!
d. He should be able to make more friends by himself

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long did Juac spend in the United States?
a. About twelve years.
b. About eight years.
c. About five months and a half weeks in the US, to Kenya or Africa."
d. About six years

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Juac believe chess will help young people?
a. is patient and good at math problems
b. is a security guard
c. is a student in the refugee camp.
d. is a teacher who is a second grader

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between how students could pick color1 with most dots?
a. Those who have a strong number sense are sure to do well in math.
b. The number sense is the same as yellow dots.
c. The numbers of the dots are the same in each image and the number one has a strong sense for math scores at school, too!
d. The difference between the color1 with most dots can be found on the other end of the spectrum

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of using this ability?
a. see if a person's inborn number sense has something to do with math learning
b. determine whether a person's inborn number sense is good for math.
c. find out whether he or she can be good at math with a strong number sens and his or her achievement on the basis of math learning."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between the number of dots and the color of the image?
a. one should practice a lot
b. one should be good at math
c. one should have a strong number sense.
d. one should do lots of homework

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the difference between how students could pick a color with more dots?
a. Students who did well in the tests also did well in math exams.
b. The color1 had the same number as yellow dots.
c. The test was the first to show a link between a person's inborn number sense and his or her achievement at formal math training, too?

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Birds Eye believe was better for people to do?
a. a program used to share photos
b. a restaurant serving two-course meals
c. a program to advertise their new dining range.
d. a food service offered by the British people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of person can you share with friends and family on Instagram?
a. Interested
b. Interested
c. Interested.
d. Uninterested

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Birds Eye hope to do with their new restaurant?
a. attract more customers
b. make more friends
c. improve the quality of food.
d. increase the number of customers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the world's first photo restaurant?
a. Pay by Picture
b. Facebook
c. Instagram.
d. Facebook

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way you can do this?
a. explain who would be the readers of the work
b. write down the number of the top people concerned
c. make sure that you are able to perfect your talent.
d. ask for the publications issued in the current years

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way you can do all your dreams?
a. are always ignoring the process of living their dreams
b. are always ignoring their actions
c. are always thinking to themselves about the process of living them.
d. are always ignoring their action and journey

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the first step in a dreaming?
a. take action or steps.
b. Make all your dreams come true.
c. Find love or love the process and make your dreams come true with the action you take, to get riches in a dreaming!
d. Make all your dreams include the beginning, middle and end

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important part of a dream?
a. you would rather begin with your diet and exercise.
b. You would rather start with your life.
c. You would rather start with your life and life in a dream!
d. you would rather start with the action of your life

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a website that shows you can buy online?
a. To introduce some unbelievable things online.
b. To show you how to buy things online.
c. To tell you how to sell your own souls and soul!
d. To advertise a website that shows you how to buy something on the Internet

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a movie that shows Jon Malipieman?
a. A Rock That Looks Like Meat.
b. A Imaginary Friend.
c. Kidney Stone and An Imaginary Friend!
d. A Website called Souls

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who sold his kidney stone for $20,000?
a. William Shatner
b. Michael Amatrudo
c. Bill Gate's friend.
d. A Rock That Looks Like Meat

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did the man sell his kidney stone?
a. Jon Malipieman was sold because he was not wanted any longer.
b. He was not interested in it.
c. The man was very friendly to him and he was very rich at that time, too!
d. The man was very old enough for his own souls

Correct Options is a.
Question: How much money did Don Robinson donate to the Department of Natural Resources?
a. 843 acres of land
b. 843 acres of land
c. 844 acres in a forest.
d. 845 acres of land

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did he think was his first thing to do with Don?
a. The idea of donation came from Robinson's respect for the land and the environment.
b. He hoped that someone would make full use of it.
c. His generous donation is the same size as New York City's Central Park in 1964 and now has only one request for the new park named Don Robinson State Park, which will be established after his death."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the hotel that offers rooms with a bathtub and free wifi?
a. They all provide free WiFi service.
b. They all offer free WiFi.
c. They all offer free WiFi service in Chiang Mai and the Chiang Mai Night Bazaar, to the guests' conveniences of the hotel."
d. They all provide a 24-hour front desk for travelers interested in shopping

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the two hotels in Chiang Mai?
a. Pingviman Hotel and At Chiang Mai.
b. Art Mai Gallery Nimman Hotel and At Chiang Mai.
c. Art Mai Gallery, Nimman Hotel & Hotel Rooms:35 De Chai in the same area as Pingviman hotel or at Chiang Mai by Compass Hospitality!

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many hotels are located in Chiang Mai?
a. There are two hotels not far away from the Sunday Walking Street.
b. There are two hotels in Chiang Mai.
c. There are two hotels near the Chiang Mai Night Bazaar and Art Mai Gallery Nimman Hotel, there is a hotel with a bathtub or free WiFi at the front desk of Pingviman Hotel to enjoy it!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the hotel that offers Thai-style rooms in Chiang Mai?
a. Have meals at the restaurant of At Chiang Mai 24 hours.
b. Have breakfast at the restaurant of At Chiang Mai.
c. Have dinner in the hotel from 07:00 to 23:00 Uhr, and have lunch on Sunday Walking Street!
d. Have meals with a bathtub or free WiFi for free

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the impact of climate change on the global coffee supply?
a. The world's coffee supply could be threatened by climate change.
b. The world's coffee supply could be threatened by climate change.
c. The world' a new report suggests the effects of climate change on the global economy and economies in Africa, for example:

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the effect of climate change on coffee production?
a. would bring in artificial cooling techniques.
b. would cause sea level rise.
c. could cause droughts in the world and Africa to grow coffee at high temperatures, too!
d. would cause damage to the economies of the third-world countries where it grows

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for some farmers to move their operations to a coffee plant?
a. Some countries will suffer great economic losses.
b. Some countries will suffer from climate change.
c. They will be able to overcome climate change with artificial cooling techniques, and they will become more expensive in the future!
d. The climate change has been blamed for the sea level rise

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the attitude that he did when his daughter and father were together?
a. optimistic
b. Optimistic
c. optimistic.
d. Uninterested

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did he smile?
a. because the old man wanted to
b. because the old man wanted to
c. Because the old man was too old.
d. because the young man wanted to know it

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did he say to his father?
a. the daughter lives far away from her daddy
b. the daughter is old and lives far away from her daddy
c. the daughter lives far away to her father's home.
d. the daughter lives far away with her daddy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Daddy say to his daughter?
a. I wish you enough
b. I wish you enough
c. I wish you, enough.
d. I wish you enough

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the highest priority of Brisbane City Council?
a. Establish a noise complaints system.
b. Clean up the noise barriers around major roads.
c. Reduce traffic pollution in public places and streets of Brisbane, too!
d. Reduce traffic congestion from building sites

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the biggest concern of people?
a. noise pollution is the most serious among pollution complaints in Brisbane
b. noise pollution is a waste of energy and money
c. noise pollution has been a serious problem in Brisbane.
d. noise pollution is a waste of money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did people want on noise?
a. Delaying action in response to a request.
b. Keeping heavy traffic away from residential areas.
c. Having a bar within walking distance when they feel like supper, and keeping awake at night."
d. Providing longer, quieter evenings

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to do noise complaints?
a. If daylight saving was adopted, the working hours during the daytime would be shortened while the night would be extended and thus quieter.
b. The city council would encourage the production of quieter appliances.
c. If the city council was to approve changes, it would be easier for people not to have a bar within walking distance when they want an early night in Brisbane and then reduce noise from building sites

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of people want action on noise?
a. Suspicious.
b. Uninterested.
c. Disappointed, and angry?
d. Worried

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of students are encouraged to do a good deed?
a. Students
b. Students
c. Teachers.
d. Teachers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to do a good deed?
a. Rising early to get ready for your day with positive energy.
b. Taking care of yourself.
c. Rewarding for completing the set goals and prepare the stage to the next day at night!
d. Having a cup of tea with an old friend or family member, listening to smoky song

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good deed?
a. How to make the most of your day
b. How to make a good rest
c. How to enjoy your day.
d. How to prepare for the next day

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for men and women reacting to stress?
a. find an escape from reality
b. find a way to protect their young
c. seek social contact from others.
d. seek social support

Correct Options is a.
Question: What hormone is found in the UCLA research team?
a. Oxytocin has more of an effect on women than on men.
b. Oxytocin is a hormone released by the body.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does UCLA study?
a. Biological differences lead to different behavioral responses to stress.
b. Men and women react with aggressive behavior.
c. Women respond to stress by looking for social contact from others - especially other females ('befriend").
d. Men and women react more often than men in the fight-or-flight response of stress

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference in how people respond to stress?
a. How men and women get over stress
b. How men and women react to stress
c. How men and women respond differently.
d. How men and women respond to stress

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are five techniques that can help you?
a. get mentally peaceful and relaxed
b. keep your mind away
c. be jealous and oversensitive.
d. Be positive in what you do

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason you can get relaxed when a child was born?
a. Care about the business of strangers.
b. Be careful about the business of strangers.
c. Be careful when dealing with problems in life and life, too quickly to get relaxed at first sight!
d. Be patient because you can make changes in your lifestyle

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Thomas's first job?
a. his starting acting as early as ten
b. his acting as early as ten
c. his acting in 2001.
d. his acting at ten

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Thomas say was a big factor in his life?
a. Pressure from the public.
b. Friendship from the public.
c. Friendship made during filming was broken quickly after the project finished, and he found it difficult to continue his life."
d. The subject of his film Death of a Superhero

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the film that supported Thomas?
a. The Last Region
b. Death of a Superhero
c. Nowhere Boy.
d. Game of Thrones

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a dream for Li?
a. the travel of Li Wan made in Tibet
b. the travel of Li Wan to Tibet
c. the travel in Tibet by herself.
d. the travels of Li Waan

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Li's dream of living in Tibet?
a. to follow her heart to live her life
b. to make good use of every penny
c. to keep her cost of living within 300 yuan.
d. to be in extreme coldness and quietness

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Li's dream of living in Tibet?
a. determined
b. happy
c. generous.
d. simple

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Li do to help her travel?
a. Li Wan fell in love with Tibet after she made tours there.
b. She made a trip to Tibet.
c. She made a tour there for her family members and friends in the country of Tibet, she said it was a dream that Li Wan had never been to before now!
d. She made many trips abroad because she wanted to travel around Tibet

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Global Humanitarian Forum report on?
a. Rates of death from illnesses have risen due to global warming.
b. Climate change has caused more deaths than in other countries.
c. The number of deaths from illnesses is increasing by 2030, according to the report's methodological embarrassment and conclusions on climate changes or disaster trends at present."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Global Humanitarian Forum report do?
a. It was challenged by some climate and risk experts.
b. It was aimed at world leaders.
c. It was aimed at developing countries in the future, and it was not widely accepted by experts on climate change or disasters alone."
d. It was aimed at global leaders who will meet in Copenhagen next year to negotiate a new international climate treaty

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the Global Humanitarian Forum report say will harm the cause for action on both climate and climate change?
a. It is invalid in terms of methodology.
b. It is flawed.
c. It is flawed in terms of methods and conclusions, but not by methodology itself."
d. It is a methodological embarrassment for the report

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of the Global Humanitarian Forum report?
a. Its rough estimates are meant to draw the attention of world leaders.
b. Its results are not accurate enough.
c. It is a methodological embarrassment for the global warming to be released in 2030, and it is flawed by some experts on climate change or risk."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the country that has a major impact on climate change?
a. How rich countries can better help poor regions reduce climate hazards.
b. How rich countries can reduce their climate hazards.
c. How rich regions can reduce their climate hazards and reduce the emissions of gases in poor areas, or how rich they are affected by climate change?
d. How rich countries can increase the flow of money from rich to poor regions

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who was elected president on April 30, 1789?
a. George Washington
b. Abraham Lincoln
c. Abraham Franklin.
d. The Father of Our Country

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the last day that Washington's birthday celebrated?
a. This Monday is the third one of this February.
b. This Monday is the second one of this February.
c. This Monday is the third two days in this January, and it will be seven weeks before that day's birthday!
d. This Monday is the first time to celebrate Presidents' Day

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Congress pass in 1968?
a. Which president to honor.
b. The law to change the calendar system.
c. The law that changed the name of the country's first President, and the date of the president is February 12.
d. The new law which was passed by Congress in 1879

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the government call it?
a. The history and debate behind Presidents' Day
b. The actual date of George Washington's birth
c. The change in the calendar system.
d. The first federal holiday to celebrate an individual's birthday

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does a customer expect to do?
a. the service is better than they expected
b. the service is better than they expected
c. the product is better and more expensive.
d. the service is more efficient

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Dawn and I say was the reason for their lunch at Campbell House?
a. Surprised and pleased.
b. Excited and disappointed.
c. Worried but happy, so excited to have lunch with them!
d. Worried & surprised

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Disney think Disneyland should be an inspiration for?
a. sometimes it is easy to provide a good experience
b. it is easy to make a good impression
c. it is not easy for people who are clean.
d. it is very expensive

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the smartphone market that Microsoft was trying to challenge?
a. Android.
b. BlackBerry.
c. iPhone and Android phones to use in the future,
d. Apple's iPhone

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Microsoft fail to keep up with the latest technology?
a. Because its operating system didn't catch up with changes.
b. Because it didn't have the ability to use the latest technology.
c. Because it failed to make iPhones and Android phones easy to use in August,down from 18% last December].
d. Because its operating system didn' a good job

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Microsoft want to do with its Windows Mobile operating system?
a. Microsoft to Fight Back on Smartphone
b. Apple to Defeat iPhones
c. Google'S Android in the Market.
d. Apple To Use Touch-screen

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people would like to get up early in the morning?
a. One
b. Two
c. Three.
d. Four

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was 9% improvement on Monkseaton memory?
a. the students tested did better jobs in the afternoon
b. the students tested were more active in the afternoon
c. the students tested did better jobs at night.
d. the students tested did better job than before

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Kelly' new idea?
a. it's based on their body development
b. it's based on their physical health
c. it'll be the most technologically advanced in the country.
d. it will have a meaningful effect upon exam performance

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the world capital of Ugly People?
a. it is home to ugly people
b. it is a small town
c. It is a city with many beautiful people.
d. it is a country where beauty is prized more than any other virtue

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why does Lacobelli believe he is ugly?
a. Because he has won the members' trust and admiration.
b. Because he has long noses.
c. Because he is very shy in the country of Piobbico, and he is very ugly himself!
d. Because he wants to attract more people from Italy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the World Capital of Uglies mean?
a. Ugly people are unfairly treated in society.
b. Ugly people are not attractive.
c. Ugliness is a virtue in Italy and the world around them all live happily with their friends or neighbors at home, too!
d. Uggly people are more successful than others who are ugly

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Piobbico called?
a. The Ugly Capital of the World
b. The Ugly Club
c. The Uglier One.
d. The U Gly Club President

Correct Options is a.
Question: When is Buy Nothing Day usually celebrated?
a. The first day after Christmas.
b. The first day after Thanksgiving.
c. The second day before Christmas, and the third days since November 29!
d. The last day of Christmas shopping on that day

Correct Options is a.
Question: When do most people buy gifts?
a. before Christmas
b. before Christmas
c. after Thanksgiving Day.
d. on November 29

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did students want to do on November 29?
a. They buy nothing and persuade others not to buy things.
b. They buy something and ask restaurants to donate the food.
c. They organize a spaghetti dinner for people's information about Buy Nothing Day, or sell things on November 29!
d. They make posters of Buy Nothing Day in their neighborhood

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the students in Albuquerque, New Mexico want to do?
a. They talked to others about it.
b. They organized a spaghetti dinner.
c. They asked restaurants in the neighborhood to donate food for it, and they asked others not to buy anything on November 29!
d. They organized supper with the students at high schools

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the University of California researchers teach robots?
a. a program reacting to facial expressions
b. a program providing personalized instruction
c. a program giving feedback to students.
d. a program providing feedback from student to teacher

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for ITS?
a. somewhat interact with the students
b. not to ask questions
c. not to answer the students' questions.
d. not to wait for another response

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Jacob Whitehill say was a major step forward with?
a. in the future teaching robots will possibly take the place of human teachers
b. robots will be more effective than human teachers
c. robotics can be used to improve learning systems.
d. robots will be more effective in the future

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the type of ITS system that allows students to react?
a. approve of
b. approve of
c. approve about.
d. accept

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the University of California researchers program to do?
a. introduce a newly developed teaching robot
b. introduce a new robotic system
c. introduce a new robotic robot.
d. introduce a new robotic system

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Greg Pal's job?
a. be engaged in developing software
b. be a senior director of LS9
c. be a senior director in Silicon Valley.
d. be an industry expert

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a bug that can be found in agriculture?
a. change their genes first
b. feed on crude oil
c. excrete corn and wheat straw.
d. feed on agricultural waste

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is LS9?
a. it is safe to use the excretion produced by bugs
b. it is a science fiction
c. it is the only company to use bugs as material.
d. it is not interested in using corn for fuel

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Greg Pal mean when they feed on agricultural waste?
a. Bugs Eat Waste and Excrete Petrol
b. Bugs Eat Waste and Excrete Petrol
c. Bugs Excite Oil or Gas to Fuel.
d. Bugs Invest in Food for the Environment

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did scientists find a connection between nap-time dreams and better memory in people who were learning new skill?
a. experience the experiment and try to remember something
b. try to find a particular picture of sand
c. try to find if the dream was caused by brain processes.
d. try to find fewer trees and remember where it was

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did scientists discover about nap-times?
a. Participants whose dreams had something to do with the maze could find the tree faster.
b. The maze was different from the one where the participants slept.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one thing that might happen to some of the dreamers?
a. people's brain processes may still be connected with their learning in their dreams
b. people's brain processes may be connected with their learning in their dreams
c. people' s memory might be connected to their dreaming.
d. people's mental processes may not be connected with their learning

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the dream that a neuroscientist wanted to know when their eyes weren't moving during sleep?
a. Dreaming Makes Perfect
b. Dreaming Makes a Difference
c. Dreaming Is Not Important to the brain.
d. Dreaming is a Good Idea

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good idea to know about the constellations in your telescope?
a. watching stars
b. observing stars
c. using binoculars.
d. focusing light at the front of the tube

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to get involved with telescopes?
a. You may gain plenty of experience in astronomy.
b. You can get used to spotting constellations.
c. You can find the information about the sky in your first telescope, and you can see them easily with ease at once!
d. You can use lenses for a better image than a refractor

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do people buy a telescope?
a. It is not convenient to take along for its size.
b. It is not suitable for people to use.
c. It can help people get used to spotting constellations in the sky and see it clearly at once, so they can't find it easily with its lens or lenses as well!

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do millions of people write?
a. by using a particular short form of English
b. by using a particular short form of English
c. in a particular short form OF English.
d. through a special short form of English

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most common word for SOHF?
a. you have to express your ideas in a brief way
b. you have to use wit, concentration and quick fingers
c. you have to use a sense of humor in your exchange.
d. you have to use a sense of humor failure

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do you want to know about your pal?
a. you are talking to a girl who is 17 and lives in New York
b. you are talking to a girl who is 17 and lives in New York
c. you are talking to a girl with sex.
d. you are talking to a girl who is 15/M/NY

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does SOHF mean?
a. people seldom use capital letters or punctuation
b. people often use "shift" key and punctuation
c. people seldom use "shift" keys or punctuation.
d. people seldom use "shift" key to express emotion

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does organic farming mean?
a. It refers to farming with natural materials, instead of chemical fertilizers.
b. It refers to farming with natural materials.
c. It refers to farming with resistant varieties, instead of crop rotation and the use of resistant varieties.
d. It refers to farming with natural materials rather than man-made fertilizers or pesticides

Correct Options is a.
Question: What percentage of British shoppers do not purchase organic food?
a. Ninety-three percent of British shoppers don't buy organic products.
b. Seven percent of British shoppers buy organic products.
c. Ninety-three percent of British shoppers buy organic food in 2000 and 2010.
d. Eight percent of British shoppers buy organic products

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my mom say about the picture?
a. Taking family pictures on a child's first day of school.
b. Taking family pictures on a child's first day of school.
c. Having a kiss with her mother in the mirror every day and night at home,he was very proud to take the picture together for a long time now!

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did my mom yell "picture time!"?
a. Because she wanted to look perfect.
b. Because she wanted to be a good student.
c. Because she wanted to be a good teacher in her school life."
d. Because she wanted to make friends with her classmates

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the photo that I saw on my first day?
a. Excited
b. Excited
c. Angry.
d. Unknown

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my mom say about the wedding?
a. To recall a family tradition on their first day of school.
b. To show her love for the wedding.
c. To tell her mother that she was a good student at school and a good teacher in class!
d. To remind her of the importance of photographing each other

Correct Options is a.
Question: How was boxing viewed?
a. cruel
b. cruel
c. dangerous.
d. ill

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long did John L. Sullivan fight Jade Kilrain?
a. at least seven years
b. five years
c. twenty thousand dollars.
d. fifty years

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the title of John L. Sullivan in 1882?
a. a bare-fisted championship fight
b. a fight with Jade Kilrain
c. a fight against Jade Kilrain.
d. a fight in a boxing tour

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Sullivan's admirers talk about running him for?
a. encouraged him to be a governor
b. praised him for his hard work
c. told him to be a boxer.
d. encouraged him to win the world heavyweight championship

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Nigel like to do?
a. constructs a robot with the Lego sets
b. build a robot with its arms
c. build Alicia's robot.
d. make a robot for the school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Nigel's job?
a. He helped in the computer laboratories
b. He helped the girl in the competition
c. He helped the girl to put the finishing branches of a robot.
d. He helped the girl with his robot

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the reason Nigel received a reward for his work?
a. He didn't want her to suspect him
b. He wanted to befriend Alicia
c. He wanted to make something out of Lego sets.
d. He wanted to help the teachers in the computer laboratories

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of behavior did Nigel feel he was not in?
a. critical
b. angry
c. nervous.
d. worried

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Moffitt say some children have learned?
a. adopt negative behaviors
b. have a good financial situation
c. have fewer financial problems.
d. have little genetic influence

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason some children show better self-control?
a. willpower as a child really influences people's chances of adulthood
b. children with good self-control are more likely to grow up
c. children with poor self-control can predict poor health and money troubles.
d. children with little genetic influence have a lot of financial problems

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason some children show better?
a. Good parenting can improve self-control and life success.
b. Good parenting can help children grow up to be healthy and prosperous parents.
c. They have a good sense of responsibility for their financial situation in the future, too!
d. They have little genetic influence on their life

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason some children show better?
a. Child's self-control predicts future health and success
b. Children's self-control predicts future health and success
c. Child' a learned behavior is more important than others.
d. Child's poor financial situation has little influence on children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the first step in a bike project?
a. Looking closely at things you are concerned about can lead to scientific research.
b. The two-wheeled machines make for some cool science projects.
c. The two-wheeled machines make for some cool science project from three countries, and the two-wheeled bikes are the best way to get around in a country's economic problems!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main benefit of turning pedals?
a. operating a machine with its own electricity
b. Using a bike with a speed of up to 20mph
c. using a blender strapped on the back.
d. Using a bike as if it was fixed or not

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for a multi bike?
a. distant areas in the rainforest without electricity.
b. The people in Peru are not interested.
c. It is made of inexpensive materials and can be used to sharpen knives or sweep city streets easily, so it can work as a fixed bike for the user's use alone."

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many hours a day do sedentary vacationers spend doing things?
a. Five
b. Three
c. Five.
d. Six

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the car that you want to do?
a. You can have a memorable vacation in a car.
b. You can take up jogging, backpacking or hang gliding.
c. You can enjoy the scenery in a car seat and drive it to your destination for free!
d. You can have a relaxing vacation on the road when you are tired

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a fresh idea for active vacations?
a. Make your Vacation Healthy
b. Have a Walk at dawn
c. Take up Jogging, backpacking or hang glidING.
d. Stay in the water for swimming

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the person who sat in front of their children?
a. His parents hold his hands before his friends.
b. His parents kiss his friends.
c. He is a famous writer for the New Yorker magazine, and has a lot of money to do so now!
d. His father is a kind-hearted person who is very clever

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do parents feel embarrassed when they are older?
a. Because they don't want to be treated like children.
b. Because they are wise and self-sufficient.
c. Because they don't want to be seen with them in public or by their fathers at all!
d. Because they have no time for their children to be seen together

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Adam Gopnick say about his dad?
a. He began to appreciate his father when he was 21.
b. He was very clever.
c. He was very shy when he was 14.
d. He was too lazy to walk down the street with his father

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does it mean when a child is embarrassed?
a. It is normal for teenagers to feel embarrassed with their parents sometimes.
b. It is normal for teenagers to feel embarrassed with their parents.
c. It is normal for teenagers to feel embarrassed when treated like vulnerable babies in public and adolescence at the age of 13.
d. It is common for teenagers to be embarrassed by their mother'

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some believe are not true about graffiti?
a. Not all the people think that the street art is a rich form of cultural expression.
b. It is illegal to paint public and private property without permission.
c. It's difficult for people to define exactly the history of the street art movement in New York City, too!
d. It was a secretive nature that they created their TAG on walls or train cars around the city

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did graffiti do to identify their artwork?
a. they were ugly in someone's eyes
b. they were a crime
c. they were in danger of being destroyed.
d. they were used to spray their TAG on walls

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is not easy to provide?
a. The history of an art movement.
b. The history of an art movement.
c. The name of a street artist's work in museums and galleries, or in public places all over the world."
d. The secretive nature of an art movement

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Jack's ability to climb?
a. had difficulty getting down the stairs
b. had difficulty walking around
c. was unable to get down the stairs.
d. had difficulty walking

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the people of California want to do?
a. wanted to make their home there
b. wanted to make their own home there
c. wanted to live in the desert.
d. wanted to travel around

Correct Options is a.
Question: What scenery does this western desert have?
a. the desert is dangerous but it is full of beauty
b. the desert is dry and has a lot of life
c. the desert is full with beautiful scenery.
d. The desert is very rich

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the average temperature of California in Death Valley?
a. high temperature
b. high temperature
c. low humidity.
d. low temperature

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for the desert to be dry?
a. if they can't make holes underground
b. if they can't find any water
c. when there is no water and there are few trees.
d. if they can' not make holes underground

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the most powerful media tools?
a. Shopping security
b. Online shopping
c. Online credit cards.
d. Online shopping insurance

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for online shopping?
a. Safe, convenient, fast, comfortable.
b. Easy, convenient and fast.
c. Easy to use but easy-to-use in shopping on the Internet!
d. Easy, convenient, fast, comfortable

Correct Options is a.
Question: What company is a big online company that can be run by two guys out of their garage?
a. advertising companies
b. credit card companies
c. courier firms.
d. shopping giants

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for this change?
a. Some are in favor of attaching less importance to English in exams.
b. The students in English speaking countries are not good at teaching Chinese.
c. The teachers in the schools are not interested in learning English well enough to study it properly and effectively, too!
d. The public discourse is a little oversimplified

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for reducing English in tests?
a. Improving the learning outcomes effectively.
b. Taking more time to study.
c. Having more emphasis on English in tests than the national college entrance examinations, and teaching style for students' future job prospects."
d. Using an equal or greater amount of emphasis as a result of the failure in teaching Chinese

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for reducing the weight of English?
a. English education is still important in China.
b. The national college entrance examination is not important.
c. The TV program Writing in Chinese has exposed the problem that students and the general public cannot spell either of them or other foreign languages are more likely to be high achievers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for the growth of China's basketball industry?
a. the part played by the foreign players in NBA will be great
b. the Chinese center Yao Ming will be the most popular player in China
c. the US players are more important than the US.
d. the American players have more respect for their American peers

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is the National Basketball Association?
a. the USA
b. the USA
c. the US.
d. the United States

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the Chinese centre that paved the way for marketing in China?
a. The Foreign Ties That Bind the NBA
b. The NBA's Strategic Strategy
c. The NBA Players in the World.
d. The International Market to Condensate for tough times on _ soil

Correct Options is a.
Question: What NBA team did Lin start on?
a. The Golden State Warriors.
b. The Los Angles Lakers.
c. Minnesota Timberwolves and Harvard, all of whom are Chinese-American players in the NBA."
d. The Knicks coach

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do many people think about Lin?
a. most of Yao Ming's fans take Lin as a great role model
b. Lin is the first Chinese-American player in the NBA
c. Lin is the first Chinese-American athlete to join the Knicks.
d. Lin has been in need of a reliable point guard

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Jeremy Lin perfect for?
a. the Knicks'coach puts strong hopes on Lin
b. the Knicks'coach is a good point guard
c. the New York Knicks have been in need of dependable pointsguard.
d. the NBA has been in need of fewer point guards

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Jeremy Lin's role in the Knicks?
a. to introduce a newest rising NBA star
b. to make a career-high 38 points
c. as he led the Knicks into their fifth victory.
d. to help the New York Knicks win more games

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Lee do to Alex's spelling test?
a. he failed in the Chinese exam
b. he was a laughing stock in class
c. he was a teacher's friend.
d. he was a teacher of the kindergarten classes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a big reason for Alex' teaching?
a. his mother's instruction
b. his teacher's help
c. his teachers.
d. his reading comprehension

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Alex write about his struggles with Chinese?
a. he wrote a book
b. he wrote an advertisement
c. he wrote a book.
d. he wrote a story

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a big reason for Alex's Chinese writing?
a. involvement
b. reading
c. reading.
d. listening

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did men and women report about their stress levels?
a. they didn't know they were stressed
b. they didn't know they were too tired
c. they didn' <unk>t know they were stressed.
d. they didn'd like to be caught in traffic

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do men feel more stressed when stuck in a traffic jam?
a. Because they are less patient than women.
b. Because they are more patient than women.
c. Because they are less careful about their health and health, too!
d. Because they have no patience with men

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did the British researchers use saliva to determine stress levels?
a. It was carried out by a GPS company.
b. It was carried out by a GPS company.
c. It was carried out in a car accident at work and the traffic jams affected their lives easily, too!
d. It was carried out by a GPS company

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one reason that trees should be pruned?
a. improve the shape of the tree
b. make the tree healthier
c. make the area clean and smooth.
d. make the tree more beautiful

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one reason that trees should be pruned?
a. allows too many branches to grow in the middle
b. helps the growth of small side branches
c. prevents the free movement in air.
d. makes the tree healthier

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is necessary to reduce the risk of disease?
a. To make a wound smooth and clean.
b. To make the area dry for a few hours.
c. To prevent the free movement of air from being left on the tree, and to make it healthier in winter or summer!
d. To remove branches that are blocking up the centre

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of a tree being pruned?
a. Some directions for tree pruning.
b. The way to prevent disease.
c. The reason for the pruning of a tree and its size, which is good or clear in nature!
d. The reasons for trees being pruned by gardeners

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many times does the AMERICAN RED CROSS text to?
a. 90999
b. 50555
c. 8055.
d. 8050

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Japan Center for International Exchange do?
a. It warned its staff in Asia of the danger of tsunami.
b. It set up six Japanese NGOs.
c. It helped its staff in Japan to recover from the tsunami and tsunami,
d. It sent a team to send a team

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the organization that supports Japan Earthquake and tsunami victims?
a. THE SALVATION ARMY.
b. AMERICAN RED CROSS.
c. GLOBALGIVING, orG GlobalGiving's Web site and web sites in Japan are on high alert to the tsunami warning of earthquake und tsunami at present!
d. CARE,a private international humanitarian organization

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do the volunteers have?
a. The volunteers can make video calls to their friends and families
b. The volunteers can eat space food.
c. The volunteers can shower every 10 days in the experiment."
d. The volunteers can make a video call to their friends and families

Correct Options is a.
Question: How often does Wangyue spend time with friends or families?
a. three times a month
b. once a month
c. twice every day.
d. three times a week

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of magazines are there?
a. science magazines
b. science magazines
c. science journals.
d. sports magazine

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some zoologists believe is possible to be true of Thunderbirds in American Indian mythology
a. Could the thunderbird actually exist?
b. Could the thunderbird be a spiritual symbol?
c. Would the thunderbird be a spiritual symbol.
d. Could the thunderbird be a spiritual symbol

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Thunderbird leave in my childhood?
a. The huge bird left a deep impression upon the author.
b. The author was a very rich man.
c. The author was very proud of the huge bird from the oak tree and its wingspan in it's appearance, too!
d. The author was very excited to see the giant bird at the beginning

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did the Thunderbird look after a boy?
a. By giving examples.
b. By comparing.
c. by analyzing the situation of birds and raptors in America, as well As with other creatures on earth now or then?
d. By describing the strange-looking giant bird from the oak tree

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the term for disabilities?
a. occurs in youth and affects development
b. occurs in the early 20th century
c. is caused by genetic conditions.
d. happens before the individual's twenty-second birthday

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is often the problem with basic needs of people with disabilities?
a. medical techniques were not available
b. Food and shelter were not available
c. Social services weren't available.
d. People with disabilities were not able to get employment

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has been done to people with disabilities in recent decades?
a. public attitudes should be changed
b. Congress should act to protect them
c. Congress must act quickly.
d. Congress should act in the field of disability rights

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a major issue of people with disabilities?
a. Discriminatory laws prevent the disabled from mixing with others.
b. The disabled can't get medical treatment.
c. The disabled can' hardly live independently in the society anymore and without any access to transportation or social activities, they cannot take their rightful place into society now."
d. The disabled are not allowed to marry because of the official poverty level

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the group that aims to help people with disabilities?
a. Handicaps of People with Disabilities
b. The Right to Vote
c. The Right To Gain Employment.
d. The Right to Live independently

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the end result of rent control?
a. cause a shortage of apartments
b. increase profits
c. increase profits.
d. increase the number of workers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do critics say after a long time?
a. will bring negative effects in the long run
b. will make people lose their homes
c. will help poorer workers find jobs.
d. will save money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can employers hire fewer workers?
a. if the minimum wage is set too high
b. if the minimum wage is set too high
c. when the price increases.
d. if the minimum wage is set too low

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do critics say is a shortage of apartments in the city?
a. the possible results of government controls
b. the minimum wage law
c. the high price of the apartments.
d. the low- paying jobs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Willie Stewart's first day in kayaking?
a. His dream
b. His dream
c. His life.
d. His job

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to Willie's life?
a. Stewart was depressed at one time
b. Stewart was a brave man
c. The river hit him in the water.
d. The river hit him

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Willie Stewart do to get his kayak?
a. Nothing is too difficult if you put your heart into it
b. It is a good way to get a boat
c. It is the best kayak in the world.
d. It is easy for you to use it

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the volcano that exploded in 2010?
a. The sky is dark for longer periods then.
b. It is a volcano that exploded in 2010.
c. The volcanoes are active now.
d. It is the only place to visit it for a long time

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do Icelandians like to do?
a. They explore the countryside in well made vehicles..
b. They travel in a specially-equipped "super jeep".
c. They go to the Arctic Circle for ice climbing.
d. They visit the volcanoes on or around Iceland

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most common reason for Iceland's volcanoes?
a. The majority of them are quiet.
b. They are not active.
c. The weather is too cold to be seen in the winter months, and they are not very warm enough for tourists there at this time of year or so now!
d. They are mainly caused by heavy rains on the island

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the volcano that was in 2010?
a. A way t reduce the cost of a trip to Iceland.
b. A way t make the tourists feel more welcome.
c. A way t make people feel more relaxed in winter than before, and it is active all over the world now!
d. A way t make the locals know the weather better when visiting Iceland

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Dr Martin Cooper make in 1973?
a. inform readers of the history and benefits of mobile phones
b. call a rival scientist to announce his success
c. tell readers how to use mobile phones.
d. make a comparison between the two radios and the radio

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the first real mobile phone call?
a. That's great! But I'm very busy right now. (I) Will call you tonight
b. I'm busy now.
c. I'm busy today and will call you tomorrow!
d. I'm busy rite here

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the exhibition in Berlin'S German Historical Museum?
a. "Hitler and the Germans" attracts plenty of people.
b. "Hitler and the Germans" is a museum.
c. It is a museum to investigate the society that created Hitler, but it is not history for anyone in Berlin'SGerman Historical Museum."
d. The exhibition will be held on Friday at the same time as the exhibition

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the German Historical Museum's goal?
a. study the society that created Hitler
b. help people in democratic countries realize their vote is very valuable
c. explain how a man who lived on the margins of society for 30 years, could become an almost mythical leader.
d. make more visitors to the exhibition more interesting

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did "Hitler and the Germans" become popular?
a. it was the first exhibition to explain how a man from the bottom of society becomes a leader
b. it was the first exhibition to explain how a man from the bottom of society becomes a leader
c. it was the first exhibition that aims to investigate the society created by Hitler.
d. it was the first exhibition which aimed to help people in democratic countries realize their vote is very valuable

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who said the exhibition was very impressive?
a. Inge Lonning.
b. Rudolf Trabold.
c. Julien Cayer, from Norway and Vienna."
d. Julien Cayer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Trabold say was popular because it was a first exhibition to explain how a man who lived on the margins of society for 30 years could become an almost mythical leader of the German people?
a. People visit "Hitler and the Germans" with variety of purposes.
b. People visit "Hitler and the Germans" with different interests.
c. People visit "Hitler and the Germans".
d. People visit "Hitler and the Germans" in Vienna's men' hostels

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was on fire?
a. A building in the author's neighborhood
b. A building in the author's neighborhood
c. A building on the second floor.
d. A building near the second-floor window

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who saved the people inside of a building?
a. The firefighters
b. The police
c. The workers.
d. The nurses

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to the people who jumped out of their window?
a. got small injuries
b. got hurt
c. got hurt in the fire.
d. got hurt

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did people inside a building get injured?
a. They were taken out by the firefighters.
b. They were rushed to the hospital.
c. They were taken to the hospital at once, and they were saved by the firefighters in the end of their lives!
d. They were put out on the second floor with water pipes

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did my dad work?
a. she worked very hard in her company
b. she worked very hard in her company
c. she worked very hard at school.
d. she worked very hard with her family

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does a writer like me do to be proud about my dad?
a. the author is proud of his father very much
b. the author is proud of his father
c. the author is proud about his father.
d. the author is proud of his dad

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the farmer do when he returned?
a. didn't speak to
b. cried
c. sat down with.
d. cried

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of John's neighbor?
a. he wouldn't like to see Bob
b. he would like to see Bob
c. he would like to see Bob's place or his face.
d. he would like to see Bob

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the farmer do when he returned?
a. John was great to build this bridge.
b. He was very happy to have a job.
c. The carpenter was very kind and helpful in his work, too!
d. He was very angry with the carpenter

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the area that a farmer had just finished his job?
a. Wise.
b. Angry.
c. Angry, and quiet!
d. Angry

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did John and Bob do when they were neighbors?
a. A Fence or a Bridge?
b. A Farmer or a Carpenter?
c. A Farmer and he were neighbors.
d. They had a good relationship with each other

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the government saying about heavy drinking?
a. drinking in the country costs too much
b. drinking in the country costs too much
c. drinking is not popular with people.
d. drinking games are not popular among people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the government saying cost Britain billions of pounds a year?
a. over-drinking will still not be stopped
b. the heavy drinking culture will be banned
c. the ban on drinking games is not effective.
d. the ban of drinking in supermarkets will be punished

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the government's most effective weapon?
a. taxation
b. ban
c. minimum price controls on alcohol.
d. prohibition of heavy drinking

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Paul Gascoigne' "Dentist'S chair"?
a. a drinking game made famous by the celebrations of footballers
b. a drink made famous by the government
c. he was a drinker who was famous for his drinks.
d. a drink that is poured directly into the mouth of the drinkers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the government's duty to do?
a. Heavy drinking will be banned in Britain.
b. Drinking games will be banned in Britain.
c. Drinking is forbidden to drink for 10 pounds, and speed drinking competitions won't be affected by the ban of alcohol at all!
d. Drinking games will be banned on publicans from April

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where does the Salar de Uyuni sit?
a. It is located on a prehistoric dried-up lake.
b. It is the world's biggest salt flat.
c. It is made of brick or wood, but it is made entirely of salt and wet water to make the bricks dries in its own way!
d. It is located on a treetop room with a rope bridge

Correct Options is a.
Question: What hotel is made entirely of salt?
a. Gamirasu Cave Hotel
b. Green Magic Nature Resort
c. Bark Park Inn B&B.
d. Cottonwood, Idaho

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the type of hotel in Tayka?
a. Being unique.
b. Being small.
c. Being large and small, but not big enough to be built in the hotel itself."
d. Being a kind of house with no beds or blankets

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main goal of a positive attitude?
a. focus on the good things in life
b. keep your optimism alive
c. take risks and be happy.
d. Try Out Something New

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the day that you have to do?
a. Enjoy Today and Let Go of the Past.
b. Keep a Positive Attitude.
c. Take Risks and Be Afraid to Take RiskStop, Stop Lazing around or Give yourself something to be busy with!
d. Try Out Something New but Never Feeling Happy

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do people want to be more focused on the past?
a. you shouldn't go to a new place where you have no friends
b. you should not let the past go
c. you should keep away from the things that you should be enjoying at the present.
d. you should put limits to yourself

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a positive attitude that you have?
a. Positive.
b. Positive.
c. Unhappiness and unhappiness!
d. Unhappiness

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of a shoe that had green silk?
a. who owned Zip's first present
b. who owned Zip's first present
c. who owned Zip.
d. who owned Zip

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mary say about Zip?
a. he can't pronounce the word " sheep" well
b. he can't pronounce the word " sheep" well
c. he can' not pronounce the word " sheep".
d. he can'T say "keep" to the dog

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mary tell her the shoe had?
a. its smell
b. its smell
c. its smell.
d. its smell

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Zip always doing?
a. bringing things for other to keep
b. bringing things home
c. cleaning shoes for other to keep.
d. cleaning the shoe

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Zip's dog?
a. has brought some trouble
b. is a sheep dog
c. has a shoe for cleaning.
d. is a shoe made of green silk

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where did most pop stars come from?
a. America and Britain
b. America and England
c. England, France or Australia.
d. England

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the chance of a pop star to perform in 'well -known place'?
a. get a recording contract
b. get a "break"
c. have a "break".
d. have a dance-hall

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for many pop stars to be successful?
a. may have a lonely life
b. have a home life
c. have a home job.
d. have a good record

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did shoes make to add status to?
a. protect the wearer from discomfort
b. make the wearer comfortable
c. make the wearers comfortable and stylish.
d. make the weares feel comfortable

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the designers of designer shoes do?
a. shoemakers printed symbols on their shoes for being recognized
b. shoes were designed to free feet from sharp rocks, hot sand and blister.
c. shoes were made to add status for the wearer's health care system."
d. shoemakers wanted to make more money by using their shoes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason that designer shoes are worth their cost?
a. meet women's demand for being special
b. make shoes simple and functional
c. give the wearer more status.
d. provide a good place to stay outdoors for hours

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the answer to question of whether or not designer shoes are worth their cost?
a. explain why expensive designer shoes are worth the money
b. explain why expensive designer shoes are worth the money
c. prove that expensive designer shoes can be worth the money.
d. explain why expensive designer shoes are worth the money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Alfred Strong's profession?
a. writer
b. writer
c. artist.
d. writer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to Doctor Strong's childhood?
a. his thirties when his first book was published
b. his thirties when he was a child
c. his twenties after he became famous.
d. his eighty-fourth birthday

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are Doctor Strong's books known for?
a. they are written in easy words with colourful pictures
b. they are written in a funny way
c. they are written by people of all ages.
d. they are written with serious messages

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Marisol Torre' mother do to find black opal?
a. Her interest in opals.
b. Her love for opals.
c. Her desire to make friends with her family and friends, too!
d. Her dream of making money in the neighbourhood centre

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Marisol cook as a treat for?
a. treating her mother's Ridge friends with Spanish food
b. bringing her mother to the Ridge
c. making friends with her family.
d. bringing her mother's Ridge friends home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the family that took her to New South Wales?
a. Danny Hatcher's parents were miners in Lightning Ridge
b. Danny Hatcher's parents were opal miner.
c. Danny Hatcher was the president of the Lightning Ridge Miners Association in Australia and Wales, too!
d. Danny Hatcher was a millionaire who is poor

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my mother study?
a. there are precious stones and life is peaceful
b. there are no luxuries and life is peaceful
c. there are no opals but life has a lot of money.
d. there are no black opales, there are no luxuries

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Marisol Torres do to her family?
a. To show the magic power of opal mining.
b. To make friends with her family.
c. To help the people who mine their homes in Australia and abroad, to find opals for free."
d. To show that she was very successful when she was diagnosed with cancer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did 59 per cent of oncologists say could prevent them from making decisions about their care?
a. They find it not easier to be objective to the patients.
b. They find it difficult to tell the truth.
c. They find it easier to tell the truth about their care and treatment aims, or even death of patients' health problems."
d. They find it harder to be honest with the patient

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for a doctor's lack of truth?
a. Keep a proper distance to patients.
b. Make a good decision about his care.
c. Make a choice between friends and patients on Facebook,he should not hug or kiss him by his first name."
d. Make a mistake in the professional boundaries with patients

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the internet that helps young doctors do?
a. The Internet makes it easier for young doctors to break the boundaries.
b. The Internet makes it easier for young doctors to break the boundaries.
c. The Internet makes it easier for young doctors to break the boundaries with patients and their friends, or even more importantly they can do so in a short time."
d. The Internet makes it easier for young doctors to make decisions about their care

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do oncologists have to master?
a. dealing with a lot of life-threatening diseases
b. avoiding the complex of modern treatments
c. explaining the side effects and treatment aims.
d. explaining the complexity of modern treatments

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of Arundel's only stores?
a. buy eco-friendly products in the Castle Shop
b. Buy souvenirs in the Organic Kitchen Garden
c. buy souvenirs and gifts for everyone.
d. sell souvenirs, books or stationery

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long does the Arundel Castle last?
a. 10 days
b. 10 days
c. 10 days.
d. 10 days

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where can Coaches drop off at Arundel Castle?
a. In the main town car park
b. In the Castle Shop
c. At the main entrance in Mill Road.
d. On the street

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a professor that works in sports and exercise?
a. A professor.
b. A doctor.
c. A doctor and a doctor, in charge of sportspeople's researches."
d. A doctor who works as a doctor for sports people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for nervousness?
a. they cannot be controlled by people
b. they are not important
c. they are not important to people.
d. they are not easy for people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a situation that causes you to be anxious?
a. Go swimming often to get used to it.
b. Try to face it as often as possible.
c. Try to think about yourself doing the thing that makes you nervous, and then close your eyes for it at once!
d. Try to avoid being worried because it is not going to happen in a job interview

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason that most people experience nervousness?
a. Most people suffer from it.
b. It is not a good thing.
c. It is not very important for people to control it at all, too!
d. It is not easy to worry about any of the things they can't do in their research

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of this research?
a. To advise on how to deal with nervousness.
b. To show how to deal with nervousness.
c. To tell the difference between controllable and uncontrollerable causes of nervousness, or to avoid an accident on the train at work in a certain way as possible."
d. To explain why people are not worried about their health problems

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the convenience of Hello-Hello World?
a. communicate with native speakers anytime
b. connect with native speakers anytime
c. access the content from any mobile device or computer.
d. provide written feedback on their friend's exercises directly

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the first application for Hello-Hello World?
a. The ipad.
b. The iPhone.
c. The Blackberry platform, and the iPad itself!
d. The mobile device or computer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Hello-Hello World?
a. A language learning environment.
b. A mobile language learning company.
c. A free application for the iPad and iPhone, Android or Blackberry in China!
d. A global community of language learners with members from 100 countries

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main advantage of Hello-Hello World?
a. there is a potential market for this mobile technology
b. it is a free application for the iPad
c. it can help people understand the culture.
d. it will bring innovation to an industry

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the magazine that focuses on science?
a. Discover.
b. InStyle.
c. Wired and Self, in Style Labs' books of the world famous people!
d. InStyle & Wired

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a handbook published by Conde Nast Publications Inc?
a. Self and Wired.
b. Discover and InStyle.
c. Discover Newsmagazine of science, proaspat.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the magazine that focuses on women's physical and mental health?
a. Wired.
b. Discover.
c. InStyle, Incembred of the Time in America's magazine!
d. Self and Conde Nast Publications INC.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the man and his wife do when they crossed along with me?
a. She was too old to walk quickly.
b. She was too old to walk.
c. She was too busy for her family members and friends in the family's house, there were no lights on them all along with me at that time!
d. She was too tired to walk quickly across the road

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a man do to get across?
a. help the old lady cross the road
b. run over to the other side
c. ask the old lady for help.
d. ask the man to stop any traffic

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a man and his wife say about their passing?
a. The big smile the old lady gave him.
b. The light turned red.
c. The old lady's right handshake and a warm hand shake!
d. The man'd rather walk to the other side of the road

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the old lady say about being in tears?
a. Being kind to others can mean a lot.
b. Being in tears is a good thing.
c. Being kind to others can make you happy and beautiful!
d. Being angry with others is not important for us all

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the reasons for Sun Pictures's movie theater?
a. the audience can either sit on chairs or on the grass
b. the audience can sit on the grass
c. the audience can sit under the deep blue night sky.
d. the audience can sit in the park benches and deck chairs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one set in the sky?
a. a movie star
b. a movie theater
c. dozens of people from around the world.
d. a museum

Correct Options is a.
Question: What movie theater is located in Broome?
a. the Sun Pictures
b. the beach
c. the lizards' house.
d. the museum

Correct Options is a.
Question: What percentage of people in the survey said they never read books?
a. the number of Americans who read books last year dropped
b. the number of Americans who read books last year dropped
c. the number of Americans who read books in the past quarter.
d. the number of Americans who read books was lower than that of those with college degrees

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of people read more books than those who are younger?
a. Older women with college degrees from the South.
b. Older women with college degrees from the West.
c. Older men who have a college degree in the South of America and Europe, but not all those that read books at all?
d. Older women with religious works or popular fictions

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of work did a quarter of adults read in the US?
a. Religious works.
b. Popular fiction.
c. Romantic novels and history books, but not non-fiction ones in the past year's work!
d. Romance works of a kind to the readers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the problem with spy cams?
a. are overused
b. are hidden away
c. are hidden in our eyes.
d. are hidden from our eyes

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do people feel about spy cams?
a. By helping keep social safety.
b. By making people know the laws.
c. By watching and monitoring our daily activities, or spy cams?
d. By letting people know about their own privacy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the cause of the rise in crime rates and surveillance cameras?
a. of terrorist attacks
b. of the government
c. from the police and their friends.
d. of the security system

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is the Big Island' newest tourist?
a. Tourists
b. Tourists
c. Farmers.
d. Tourists

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many Golf Courts are in Hawaii?
a. 37
b. 47
c. 48.
d. 49

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the bus service that Hawaii has?
a. Trains
b. Buses
c. Car companies.
d. Buses

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the website that provides you with maps and video?
a. You can see www.bigisland.org for updated information.
b. You can order a video, poster and maps from the Big Island Visitors Bureau.
c. You can see www.bigisland.org for information about tourism in Hawaii's Island of Adventure at any time or place you like to visit it on its website!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the rugby called?
a. They both can be handled
b. They both are organized
c. It is played by two teams of fifteen players.
d. It is played in the Middle Ages

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of child is not taught the most basic skills?
a. children
b. teachers
c. students.
d. teachers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of this book?
a. help readers understand them and make a better choice
b. help readers learn how to use a dictionary
c. make readers understand them better and learn more easily.
d. give readers some advice on how to use a dictionary

Correct Options is a.
Question: How much does Hubbard's study technology cost?
a. $ 112
b. $32
c. $ 37.
d. $ 36

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many books are sold?
a. sell the four books to students.
b. sell the four books to students.
c. sell the four books for students in need of money and money, too!
d. sell the four books to teachers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important thing that you learned about America before Columbus?
a. history
b. history
c. geography.
d. geography

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for the book's introduction to America?
a. It is humorous and persuasive
b. It is a great achievement
c. It is very interesting and exciting.
d. It is easy to understand

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the height of the peoples that landed on America?
a. North Americans were the tallest in the 18th century in the world
b. America was the tallest in the 18th century
c. North Americans were the tallest people on earth.
d. North Americans were the tallest of all

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Wang say about her class?
a. Because the lecturer was in space.
b. Because the lecturer was in space.
c. Because the lecturer was on the earth and her class wasn't as good at it all before she started to host a lecture today."
d. Because the teacher was not on the planet

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the subject that Wang taught on board?
a. laws of physics under weightless conditions
b. Physics in space
c. Science of physics.
d. Physics and science

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Wang's class?
a. Teaching from the Sky.
b. Teaching from the Earth.
c. Learning in the Sky, and teaching on the Earth."
d. Teaching with the Sun

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does my wife do?
a. he is in charge of the cooking at home
b. he is a cook
c. he is a cook.
d. he is a cook

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my wife do in their home?
a. She used to cook for the family.
b. She used to cook for the family.
c. She used to cook in the family home, and she was a chef of her own!
d. She used to cook with her children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the student say was not to be upset about?
a. begging is considered as a normal part of life
b. begging is a good way to make money
c. begging is regarded as a normal part of life.
d. begging is not a good part in life

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a student do to help him?
a. got pleasure by helping the little beggar
b. got pleasure by decorating the Christmas tree
c. got pleasure from helping the little beggar.
d. got pleasure in begging

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the father say to him, "No way!"
a. being ready to give
b. begging
c. giving him some toys.
d. picking up some toy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to do this?
a. Try to study many subjects in a day.
b. Try to keep your weekends free of studying.
c. Keep your weekend free from studying at the weekend, and keep your timetable for yourself in advance!
d. Try to balance work with other aspects of your life

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did I learn to balance work, study and family?
a. the writer can arrange  his time well when he was at college
b. the writer had at least four modules to complete.
c. the writer had to do household cleaning and shopping for a week before his college work on weekends, which was difficult but hard in her spare time."
d. the writer had to finish his college work from Mondays to Fridays

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main difference in work, social life, and a good balance?
a. Balance time between study and other aspects of your life.
b. Work time between study and family.
c. Study at the weekend for a week or so, but not for the weekend!
d. Do everything every day to get a good balance of work

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Roland Fryer believe was a good way to focus on input?
a. it is focused too much on the result
b. it is more effective than focusing on the result
c. it is more effective in motivating children to do better at school.
d. it has no effect on students' success

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Roland Fryer believe was the best way to motivate children?
a. they were rewarded for reading some books
b. they were encouraged to do better on exams
c. they were encouraged by the teachers' inputs.
d. they were encouraged to take part in exams

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the actionable resolution that focuses on input?
a. "I'll give up desert."
b. "I'll walk every day for 20 minutes."
c. "I'll stop eating breakfast."
d. "I'll walk a day in the morning".

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Roland Fryer believe was a positive effect on the results?
a. pick specific actions that can be turned into good habits
b. Using inputs can help children do better in school
c. Using inputs is more effective than using it.
d. Using inputs will increase achievement when based on input

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did my dad leave his house?
a. Because serious problems occurred in their marriage.
b. Because his parents had a good marriage.
c. Because his parents didn't love him any more at all, and they didn'T want to leave their house for the next day or so in time."
d. Because it was not easy enough that he could get along with Krissie

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of my father's letter?
a. Upset.
b. Worried.
c. Worrying and frightened!
d. Worried

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my mother say was worth saving?
a. How a letter saved the author's parents' marriage.
b. How a letter made the author cry.
c. How he wrote to his father's parents in the morning and night before leaving home, she said it was worth saving for him or her now!
d. How if the author had been married with his mother

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the man punish his daughter for doing?
a. wasting gold wrapping paper
b. stealing gifts
c. putting the box under Christmas tree.
d. letting the box be empty

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the man blow into a box?
a. Kisses.
b. A roll of wrapping paper.
c. A big box with a big bag and a big bag in it,he was angry at her!
d. A little girl's eyes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a man do when he was discouraged?
a. taking out an imaginary kiss from the box
b. putting his arms around the little girl
c. letting the child put the box under Christmas tree.
d. letting the children put the box by his bed

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a man blow into?
a. The kisses in the box
b. The box
c. The gift of the box.
d. The gold wrapping paper

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Conor Grennan travel around the world?
a. Many children ended up there due to illegal trade.
b. He wanted to find a way for his children.
c. He wanted to make friends with the orphans in Nepal and Nepal, too!
d. He wanted to help the kids get along well with others

Correct Options is a.
Question: What book did Conor Grennan write about his trip around the world?
a. is the author of Little Princes
b. is a volunteer service
c. is a traveler's friend.
d. is based in Nepal

Correct Options is a.
Question: What discovered the remains of a race of tiny human ancestor?
a. the unearthed relics
b. the natural land raft
c. the small elephants.
d. the large animals

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did humans develop on the island?
a. they gradually developed for lack of food.
b. They were too small to survive.
c. They were too small for food supply and lack of resources, they didn't know it any more at all!
d. They were too young to live on the island with limited resources

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the race that lived in the Java sea?
a. Short people on an isolated island
b. Big elephants
c. Small people on an isolated island.
d. Small animals in the sea

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did smaller elephants do over time?
a. live longer
b. swim
c. live longer.
d. live longer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Eric's father?
a. He and his second wife had just gotten divorced.
b. He and his second wife had just got divorced.
c. His second wife was working at home in Los Angeles, too!
d. He and his first wife were married on Halloween

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Alec Gores say his son is?
a. actor
b. rap star
c. rap actor.
d. writer

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is Alec Gores?
a. He has a very rich father
b. He is a billionaire
c. He is an actor.
d. He is a very rich man

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Eric's dad?
a. one can find opportunity anywhere.
b. Eric is a billionaire.
c. Eric's father wants to do something like True lies, too."
d. Eric'S father is an actor and he wants to write pity on him

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Briggs say about his job?
a. He was a student.
b. He was a salesman.
c. He was ill-fated in the school and had to work for the company before his job started working at that time, so he was not sure about it now."
d. He was very happy with the insurance company

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Briggs do after he left school?
a. visited many people so as to offer insurance
b. went to the school so as to get a job.
c. visited many people in their homes for insurance company."
d. visited many people and made friends with others

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the manager say about his job?
a. Mr. Briggs sold insurance only to people of more than 95.
b. Mr. Briggs was a salesman with an insurance company
c. Mr. Briggg' his job is very generous to the people of 95 years old and not too young for him or her, but rather a salesman at that time?

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of a book that helps you learn about your family roots?
a. can tell us origins of our last names
b. can tell us the history of your family
c. can tell us how to share your memories with others.
d. can help us to find out what is available for our last names

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of a book that will help your mother learn more?
a. They may be inspired to talk about some special women they remember.
b. They may be able to share their memories with her.
c. They may have a special software product for building, searching and sharing your family history at home or abroad in the US alone!
d. They may become accustomed to all the special women they remember

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Ancestory.com create customized book?
a. To advertise "Our Name is History" books.
b. To make a puzzle.
c. To share family roots with each other, and to share their memories together."
d. To help people find out the history of their families

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the dream that a man dreamed?
a. in existence
b. in danger
c. on a bus.
d. in a car

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does ESP stand for?
a. know more about human mind
b. a sixth sense
c. a sixth sense.
d. a sixth sense

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is ESP called?
a. the sixth sense
b. Extra Sensory Perception
c. Extra SensoryPerception.
d. Extra Sensory Perception

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many chairs are there?
a. nine chairs
b. two chairs
c. four chaires.
d. five chairs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a phone recorder?
a. A telephone
b. A radio
c. A chair.
d. A chair

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where do players walk round the chairs?
a. in a line
b. in a row
c. on the chair.
d. at the back of their chairs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do players do when music starts?
a. walk around the chairs
b. sit on the chairs
c. play in the same direction.
d. play with their friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the winner of a game called?
a. The last one can sit on the last chair.
b. The last one can sit on the last chair.
c. The last one can sit in a row with the last one facing next to it, and then drop out of there again!
d. The first one can sit on the last chair

Correct Options is a.
Question: What country is the "formal"?
a. Canada.
b. Britain.
c. Australia, and England to finish high school in Canada."
d. America

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the meaning of a prom?
a. It's the sign of becoming an adult.
b. It's a dance held at the end of high school.
c. It'll be a celebration for students to finish high school and college in America, or Canada with a formal ceremony."
d. It'd like to have a party when students finish high school as he is

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most common word for "prom"?
a. The general information of the prom.
b. The name of the prom.
c. The date for the prom in America and Australia, to be a formal dancer or a student's friend!
d. The time when the prom is held at the end of high school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the first kite born?
a. a Chinese farmer tied a string to his hat to keep it from blowing away
b. a Chinese farmer tied hat to his hat
c. he made a kite out of light wood and bamboo.
d. if the kite went high, it was omen

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the kite that a Chinese farmer made from?
a. cloth
b. paper
c. paper.
d. paper

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who introduced kite flying to Europe in the late 1500'?
a. the Italians
b. the British
c. the Chinese General Han Xin.
d. the shipping businessmen

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Italians do in the late 1500' era?
a. how kite flying was introduced to Europe
b. how the kite was first mentioned in England
c. how the kite was first mentioned by the Italians.
d. how the kite was first mentioned

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the author say was better than the food?
a. It supplied delicious seafood to the writer.
b. It was delicious.
c. It was good for the writer's family and friends to have a drink with them at home, too!
d. It was very tasty but not good enough

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the tourists do on Antigua?
a. there were many people to drink with
b. they rented boats
c. they went to the Sugar Mill and Shirley Heights.
d. They ate their breakfast most mornings

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my wife want to do when she left the world?
a. a travel diary
b. a swimming pool
c. a swimmingpool.
d. eat my breakfast most mornings

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to Sam at night?
a. getting off the train
b. Leaving the hotel
c. finding a hotel to have supper.
d. picking up his suitcase

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many floors did Sam see in the hotel?
a. Three
b. Two
c. Four.
d. Five

Correct Options is a.
Question: How much did Sam need to pay for a single room a night?
a. $40
b. $50
c. $40.
d. $50

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Sam think his hotel is not high enough?
a. Because Sam thought the price was high.
b. Because Sam was tired.
c. because Sam was too tired to go out at night, and he didn't want to pay for the hotel there any more."
d. Because Sam thought the price was reasonable

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does autumn mean?
a. autumn is a great time for fruit and vegetables
b. autumn is a good time for us to eat
c. Autumn is the harvest season.
d. autumn is mainly for us

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a nice vegetable in autumn?
a. Pumpkins
b. Apples
c. Vitamin.
d. Iron

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the most important activities in today's day?
a. the Internet brings the outside world closer to them
b. the Internet makes people live in places far away
c. the world is smaller than before because of the Internet.
d. The Internet helps us open our eyes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the meal that people use to search?
a. cook the meal
b. read the meal
c. listen to radio.
d. draw money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the most important activities of day?
a. it's helpful to explore the Internet
b. it's easy to study
c. it'll bring people closer.
d. it's difficult for people to study

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do people learn through reading or listening to a television?
a. Without leaving home, we can get the money from the bank by the radio.
b. We can draw money by the Internet.
c. We can see a doctor without going to school, we can study and go shopping with them in class at home!
d. We can draw money from the bank easily through the internet

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Joe's foreign friend?
a. kill time
b. buy things
c. read articles.
d. make friends with others

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Joe's foreign "girlfriend"?
a. Jim
b. Catherine
c. Catherine.
d. Joe's father

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Joe's foreign friend?
a. On WeChat, we can talk with Chinese people in Australia.
b. On WeChat, we can buy things.
c. In WeChat, we can make friends with people in Australia and China there."
d. On WeChat, we can make friends with Chinesepeople here

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Joe give to Catherine when she was a foreign friend?
a. A Real Surprise
b. A New Girl
c. A New Girl's Birthday.
d. A New Girlfriend

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where does Mary live?
a. China
b. England
c. America.
d. China

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Mary's mother say is it?
a. a Chinese school
b. a Chinese school <sep>.an English girl's mother and son."
c. an English school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Mary like most of her?
a. lessons; classmates
b. Chinese food
c. English; Chinese foods.
d. Chinese meals

Correct Options is a.
Question: What language does Mary speak?
a. Chinese
b. English
c. Chinese.
d. Chinese

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Mary like most of her students?
a. Chinese food; Chinese people
b. Chinese food; Chinese people
c. Chinese foods.
d. Chinese food

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Ko apologize for?
a. took drugs
b. acted in the film
c. was selfish and stupid.
d. was a bad person

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Ko's first movie?
a. The film You Are the Apple of My Eye.
b. The film "You Are the Apple of My Eye".
c. The movie " You Are the iPhone. (...)."
d. The film "The Story"

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long did the press conference last?
a. 10 minutes
b. 14 days
c. 10 minutes.
d. 15 minutes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the fans of Sina Weibo believe Ko was willing to do?
a. He doesn't trust what Ko said.
b. He doesn't care about Ko.
c. He doesn' t like Ko any more than his friends in Beijing, too."
d. He is not sure whether Ko was correcting the mistake

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Ko do publically?
a. Apologizing for taking drugs
b. Getting angry with his friends
c. Refusing to see the sad faces of those who love him.
d. Having a good acting skills

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where are animals having sports meetings?
a. In a zoo
b. In a park
c. At a restaurant.
d. Near an apple tree

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some tigers and horses want to get the first place?
a. They are running
b. They are swimming
c. They are watching soccer games.
d. They are playing basketball

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are tigers and horses doing?
a. Because they want to get the apples on the tree.
b. Because they want to get the first place.
c. Because they want to get the first place in soccer games, and it is a fine day for them all of us now!
d. Because they want to get the first place on Sundays

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the game that can be eaten by an koalan?
a. A giraffe is eating apples under the trees
b. A giraffe is eating apples under the trees
c. A monkey and koala are playing soccer.
d. A dolphin is watching the game

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is happening to the animals in zoon today?
a. The animal sports meeting
b. The soccer game
c. The giraffe and the koala.
d. The swimming pool

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many tennis balls does Lucy have?
a. nine
b. seven
c. five.
d. five

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of ball does Lucy play?
a. tennis
b. basketball
c. volleyball.
d. ping-pong

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of ball does Lucy have?
a. basketballs
b. baseballs
c. volleyball.
d. soccer balls

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who says I like sports?
a. Lucy
b. Mary
c. Alice.
d. Alice

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Alice say I don't have?
a. has no balls
b. has five baseballs
c. has five volleyballball.
d. has three ping-pong bats

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a dictionary?
a. No,they don't.
b. Yes,they do.
c. No,they do!' and yes nein?
d. No,they do

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do you think people might have to know about a dictionary?
a. He will ask someone for the answers.
b. He will give someone the right answer.
c. He will ask someone for the answers to his question, and he will ask him questions in class!
d. He will ask someone for the correct answer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do dictionaries say?
a. They are like silent teachers and trusted friends.
b. They are like silent teachers and trusted friends.
c. They are not useful to us but important for us, too!
d. They are very helpful if we have a question

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is true about dictionaries?
a. Dictionaries are very useful to us.
b. They are like silent teachers.
c. They can tell us the meaning of the words and the use thereof, but they can't sleep any more in our study or study at all for a long time hinweg

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason that animals and humans need plants?
a. Without plants, man will die out.
b. Animals and humans are not hungry.
c. Plants can make food from air, water or sunlight to live in the air of the world!
d. Animals and man need plants because they want to live with other animals

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the magazine that shows how many non-flowering plants are?
a. a science magazine
b. a science fiction <sep>.an advertisement for the magazine."
c. a science book

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Peter's name?
a. one brother and one sister
b. one brother and one sister
c. two brothers.
d. three brothers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Billy' a name for?
a. Peter's dog
b. Tanaka
c. Peter's friend.
d. Tanaka

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Billy's name?
a. Yes, he does.
b. Yes, he does.
c. No! He doesn't do so at all?
d. No, he doesn'

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do I play after class?
a. balls
b. basketball
c. volleyball.
d. basketball

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of my sister?
a. friends
b. friends
c. brothers.
d. sisters

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do you know in English?
a. how to talk to others politely
b. how to talk with others
c. how to talk in English.
d. how to talk on your phone

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a rude person?
a. Excuse me
b. Stop it
c. Go away.
d. Stop it

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good idea to say "No"?
a. I'm afraid I can't.
b. I'm afraid I can.
c. I'm afraid I can't, but VS Move is impolite to me!
d. I'll mind not using my phone in the cinema

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do you want to do if someone is doing something rude or rude?
a. Would you mind not stopping your car here?
b. Would you like to stop talking in the cinema?
c. Would you want to stop your car there.
d. Would you like to stop talking on your phone here

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who did you have to visit for a holiday with me?
a. John and his sister
b. Tom and Ann
c. Michael.
d. Betty

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long is a holiday with you?
a. one week
b. three weeks
c. two months.
d. three weeks

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a student who was not interested in learning?
a. Michael has no interest in learning
b. Michael is a student in Grade One
c. Michael has no interest of learning.
d. Michael hasn't been at school for three weeks

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who did you have to do with your family?
a. John and his sister are both
b. Tom and Ann are both in Grade One.
c. They went to an island for a picnic yesterday, but they didn't go with them at all!
d. They went to an island because they didn'T like the island

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Tom and Ann go for a picnic?
a. Something was wrong with his foot.
b. He couldn't walk very well.
c. They didn' he cut his foot and couldn'T go with them at all!
d. They didn' T know how to walk

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where are some students playing?
a. On the playground.
b. In the classroom.
c. On the playground, and in the office!
d. At home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a school that everyone does?
a. happy
b. busy
c. busy.
d. happy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of some teachers?
a. Working or talking with students.
b. Playing basketball.
c. Watching the game with students in the classroom and watching games at home, or playing football on a playground?
d. Working as a teacher for the school

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many girls are watching the game?
a. some
b. some
c. some.
d. some

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do most of us play during?
a. break time activities
b. basketball
c. basketball games.
d. reading and doing homework

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the word that people use to describe microblogs?
a. It can send rumors.
b. It can help people fight radiation.
c. It can help people fight radiation, and so on!
d. It can make people panic

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a microblog?
a. secrets.
b. News.
c. Pictures, music and so on!
d. News

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does wesabet mean?
a. What Weibo is.
b. What wesabet means.
c. What wesabet mean?
d. What wesabet means

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do people think about bungeen jumping?
a. they need excitement
b. they are dangerous
c. they are dangerous.
d. they are not interesting

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a game that people are joining in dangerous sports?
a. Playing table tennis
b. Jumping
c. Getting food.
d. Surfing small boats across the sea

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason people are joining in dangerous sports?
a. jump down with a rubber band tied to your legs
b. bungea jumping and motorcycle racing
c. bungeen jumping is very interesting.
d. people live in danger

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good reason people are joining in dangerous sports?
a. the living condition   was poor
b. they were able to climb mountains
c. they were able for the world.
d. they had to go out and look for food

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do scientists say about bungeer jumping?
a. Everyone's life is interesting.
b. People are dangerous.
c. It is like a fight in the world, and it is dangerous to people's health!
d. People are not afraid of it at all

Correct Options is a.
Question: What country has a lot of homework to do?
a. America.
b. Australia.
c. Australia, and Africa!
d. Australia

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do African kids have no idea how to do?
a. make a drum
b. build a boat
c. make rag football.
d. make ps3d

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the first time children in Africa have a chance to make their own drums?
a. The passage was written before October.
b. The passage was written in October.
c. They have a camel race and make rag football for them to play games with their parents at home, too!
d. They have a lot of homework on the way back from school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of a trip that African kids do?
a. To advise kids to make holiday plans.
b. To show their parents how to make a drum.
c. To tell kids how to make rag football and paint, dancing or singing in Africa are fun for them at school!
d. To teach kids how to make a boat

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the three children that Mike's teacher says?
a. One
b. Two
c. Three.
d. Four

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who does Mrs. Smith ask to take Mike to the zoof?
a. his mother
b. his teacher
c. the boy's mother.
d. his teacher

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of bus does Mike go to the zoof?
a. bus
b. bus
c. car.
d. train

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people does Mike's teacher say?
a. Two and one is three
b. Two and one is three
c. Three are four.
d. Five

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is seven?
a. Mike
b. Mrs. Smith
c. Mr.Smith's mother and son
d. The boy who is seven

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the farmer put on a pair of shoes with thick sole and thin one?
a. wrong
b. thin
c. thick.
d. short

Correct Options is a.
Question: 
a. one of the shoes has a thick sole, the other has a thin one, they are not a pair
b. one of the shoes has a thick sole, the other has fewer than two pairs
c. one of the shoes has a thick sole and the other has softer qualities.
d. one of the shoes has a thick sole

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the farmer put on when he was walking with his daughter?
a. he wore a pair of wrong shoes
b. he wore a pair of shoes
c. he wore a pair with a thick sole.
d. he wore fewer shoes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the farmer do when his daughter ran back to their house?
a. she could find out that her father wore a pair of wrong shoes
b. she could find out that her father wore a pair of wrong shoes
c. she could find out that her father wore he had no shoes.
d. she could find out that her father had only two pairs of shoes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the farmer do when his daughter ran back to her house?
a. didn't bring any shoes; she knew the other pair at home was not a pair, either
b. didn't bring any shoes; she knew the other pair at home was a pair.
c. didn'T know how to change her hands, either."
d. didn' T know what to do with his daughter

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the small tortoise do to their friends?
a. knew each other
b. ate the little tortoise's cake
c. ate their cakes.
d. ate their cakes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the tortoise do to their friends?
a. after they ordered the cake
b. after they went to the restaurant
c. when they arrived at home.
d. before they got the cake

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the small tortoise do after they left for home?
a. agreed to get the money
b. asked for some cakes
c. ate the little tortoise's cake.
d. asked for some money

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long ago did the tortoise wait for cakes?
a. didn't go very far after a few days
b. didn't bring any money
c. was hungry again.
d. went to the restaurant

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the tortoise say to them?
a. they felt hungry again
b. they were hungry
c. they were hungry again.
d. they were hungry

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a bone that can be broken?
a. What You Should Know about Broken Bones
b. What You Should Do to Break a Broken Bone
c. How to Fix the Broken Bones.
d. How to Keep the Broken Bone in place

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good way to treat broken bones?
a. moving the injured part
b. putting on a cast
c. setting the injured part.
d. putting on X-rays

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mary say about their students?
a. All of the cups were filled with the same tea.
b. They were all interested in each other's tea cup.
c. They were all surprised at the different cups on the table of the cups and cups with different cups to drink them for tea, too!
d. They were all happy that they had a good time drinking their tea

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mary say about the cups?
a. Try to enjoy your own life.
b. Try to drink tea.
c. Try to enjoy your own cup and coffee at once!
d. Try to have a good time in your life

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mary say about her students?
a. The same cups, the same tea
b. The same cups, the same tea
c. The same cups and the same tea.
d. The same cups

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where does our class meet?
a. at the school gate.
b. at the park.
c. in the swimming club, and then there is dinner for everyone to have supper!
d. At the swimming club

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many yuan does the bus ride to Haia Park?
a. nine
b. eight
c. nine.
d. six

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many yuan does the bus ride to Haia Park?
a. nine
b. eight
c. nine.
d. six

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where do we chat?
a. under the trees
b. in the park
c. at noon.
d. on foot

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do all of us come back to Haian Park?
a. Because they go home for supper
b. Because they play games in the park
c. because they have dinner at noon.
d. Because they are very happy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Mike's favorite sport in the Ashland School matches?
a. played football well
b. played basketball
c. was playing football.
d. played soccer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What color did the Gum Tree School team wear in their first two minutes?
a. White
b. Green
c. Blue.
d. Red

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many goals did Mike score before half time?
a. Four
b. Three
c. Four.
d. Five

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the Ashland School team say about Mike?
a. Mike was a good player and was kind to others
b. Mike was a good football player.
c. Mike was very kind to others and was friendly with them."
d. Mike was not so good at football as well

Correct Options is a.
Question: What disease did Jeff have when he was 12?
a. cancer
b. cancer
c. cancer.
d. cancer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Jeff's friends have?
a. legs
b. shirts
c. shoes and five legs.
d. plastics

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Jeff say about his disability?
a. people can do anything they want to
b. He is a lawyer
c. He is a doctor.
d. He is a student

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the word "fashion" mean?
a. clothes
b. clothes
c. clothes.
d. clothes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a person who has always changed?
a. looking at pictures
b. looking at pictures
c. looking in a newspaper.
d. looking in a restaurant

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the word "fashion" mean?
a. fashionable things are expensive
b. fashionable things are expensive
c. fashionable clothes are expensive.
d. fashionable things are expensive

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does "fashion" mean?
a. the changes of fashions
b. the changes of clothes
c. the change in clothes.
d. the change of clothes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Peter's birthday?
a. 73 years old
b. 73 years old
c. 73 year old.
d. 73 years old

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Sally buy for their grandfather?
a. A birthday card
b. A shirt
c. A set of books.
d. A blue shirt

Correct Options is a.
Question: How much money does Peter spend on books?
a. It's twenty-nine dollars
b. It's twenty-nine dollars
c. It's twenty dollar.
d. It's twenty dollars

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do people think you arenTiger Mom?
a. They don't know what her family is really like.
b. They don't like to play games with her.
c. She doesn' t like to go out of the tea party at all, so she isn'Tiger Mom and I are suffering from such a strict mother!
d. She has been accused of producing robot kids who can think for themselves

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did you make me more like?
a. an independent thinker
b. a strict parent
c. he is an independent person.
d. hone a robot kid

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did you have a mother?
a. Sophia has never been disturbed by tea parties.
b. She has been criticized by many people.
c. She has been criticized for her strict parenting and a lot of other things in the past, too!
d. She has been criticized as much as possible since she was 18

Correct Options is a.
Question: What two countries are EXO?
a. China and South Korea
b. China and South Korea
c. China, Japan or China.
d. China

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the song of TFBOYS?
a. positive energy
b. dreaming big
c. Dreams Big.
d. Super Junior

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Austin Mahone?
a. Justin Bieber's
b. EXO's
c. Sehun.
d. The Secret

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where was the dinner last Sunday?
a. in a restaurant
b. in a bank
c. at home.
d. on foot

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Poor do when he came in?
a. knows him well
b. was very hungry
c. ate dinner in the restaurant.
d. was very hungry

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Poor's job?
a. rich
b. poor
c. lazy.
d. busy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Poor do when he came in?
a. Because Poor wanted the writer to pay for the dinner.
b. Because the writer was very rich.
c. because the writer wanted to borrow money from him and pay it back for his dinner in a bank, too!
d. Because the writer wanted to buy some food at the restaurant

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Poor say to him?
a. the writer paid for the dinner
b. the writer was very rich
c. the writer was very rich.
d. The writer was very rich

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are the two main factors that influence people's choice of location?
a. Climate and resources.
b. The weather conditions.
c. The weather and the environment,
d. The climates

Correct Options is a.
Question: What disadvantage does climate and resources have?
a. the unpleasant weather keeps them away
b. the weather conditions are too cold
c. the rainy climate keeps them away.
d. the dry weather makes them more beautiful

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between climate and resources?
a. It's easier for people to grow plants or keep animals.
b. It's better for people to live in desert areas.
c. People who prefer to live on the beach can make their living by catching and selling fish or other sea creatures at home, too!
d. People who prefer farming can take advantage of rich soil near rivers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What sport does the student choose?
a. football
b. basketball
c. volleyball.
d. basketball

Correct Options is a.
Question: When is the P.E test held in Nanjing?
a. spring
b. spring
c. summer.
d. summer

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do most students in Nanjing find it easy?
a. they have been training for the test during the three years
b. They can choose long jump, basketball dribbling or volleyball
c. they have to skip in the test.
d. they don't need to run for the test

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the P E test do students in Beijing say helps build up their health?
a. It is useful.
b. It is easy.
c. It is difficult to do in it, and it is not useful for them!
d. It is very important

Correct Options is a.
Question: 
a. Tom rarely remembers to do exercise. Tom does exercise once in a blue moon.
b. Tom often goes to the beach once in a moon.
c. Tom usually goes to the shore when there is a blue moon, and then does exercise at night."
d. Tom doesn't like to go to the beach until he goes out of the moon

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many full moons do people usually have?
a. When there are two full moons in one month.
b. When there are 15 full moons.
c. When there are 15 full moon in one month, and then a full moon every year!
d. When there are only one full moon each month

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the word that people use to describe something that they do not often?
a. The letter "C".
b. The letter "B".
c. The letter "S.'."
d. The letter "S"

Correct Options is a.
Question: How often does a person use the phrase "once in blue moon"?
a. Less than once a year.
b. Once a year.
c. More than once every month, and twice a year in the future!
d. Less than once a year

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where did my wife and I go to shop?
a. in their car
b. in the car
c. at home.
d. on foot

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long did the car stop in front of us?
a. One hour or so.
b. One hour.
c. Two hours and a half, to the end of each day!
d. A few minutes or so

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who was very kind and glad to help us?
a. The policeman.
b. The policeman.
c. The wife and his family!
d. The car owner

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the trouble begin with?
a. to see someone had opened his car door
b. to see someone had opened his car door
c. to see someone hadn't opened the car doors.
d. to see someone was going to buy something

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did angry man look at?
a. the number of the car
b. the number of the car
c. the name and the address.
d. the phone numbers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of child was Christopher?
a. sick children
b. young children
c. old kids.
d. poor children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Cristopher do?
a. They gave him a tour of the city .
b. They made a real police uniform for him.
c. They made a real police uniform to him in the city of Phoenix,Arizona and Arizona City Councils offices there at night

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the world's most well known charities?
a. "Make-A-Wish "has a history of over 30 years.
b. "Make-A-Wish" is a charity that helps children forget about their health problems.
c. It gives children hope and joy to forget about their illness, have fun or have fun in it all

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of food does people eat every day in some countries?
a. rice
b. pork
c. fish.
d. fish

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do Muslims eat rice every day?
a. Because it is easy for them to get fish
b. Because they are near the sea
c. because they are not hungry.
d. Because they don't like to eat meat

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important food in England and USA?
a. Potatoes
b. Fruit
c. Fish.
d. Fish

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who decided to get her back?
a. Her uncle's family.
b. Her cousin.
c. Her mother's friends and neighbors, too!
d. Her aunt who gave her a Christmas surprise to him

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the last gift that Marley's cousin asked to take down and play for us over and over again?
a. A music box.
b. A suitcase.
c. A red leather gloves and a dollhouse, too!
d. A gift from Marley's parents

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the author say about Marley's christmas gifts?
a. The writer was very happy during that Christmas.
b. The writer was very happy during that Christmas.
c. The writer was very excited about the gifts at that time of year and then again, they were all worth a lot to give them away now."
d. The author was very proud when she got her presents from her cousin's parents

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Secret Garden called?
a. A book.
b. A book.
c. A book and a newspaper,
d. A book

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a book that has let Chinese young people forget about their phones?
a. Pictures without colours.
b. Books with no words.
c. Books without words and pictures, but nothing else!
d. Books for children's books

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of people are fascinated by the book Secret Garden?
a. Young adults.
b. Children.
c. Teachers and teachers,
d. Teachers

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who made the book?
a. An artist in British.
b. A young mother.
c. A worker in China, and a teacher of the book's company."
d. An author who bought the book for free

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Secret Garden?
a. People can use colour pens to paint it.
b. It is a book for adults'.
c. It has almost no words and no colours, but pictures or pictures of it are colouring books to read in the book itself!
d. It is the biggest selling book on amazon

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long did Joe Read study at the school?
a. 14.
b. 18.
c. 18 years.
d. 14.

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where did Joe Read go to after he was asked for work?
a. An office
b. A school
c. A house.
d. A school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Joe Read's father say to him about his school?
a. He was a good student.
b. He was a good student.
c. He was ill at school and had no money to go there for work in the office."
d. He was not good at studying well with his parents

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Joe Read go to the office?
a. Because he wanted Joe to answer some questions.
b. Because he wanted to get a good job.
c. because he wanted to get a lot of money from his family and friends there, too."
d. Because he wanted to go to the office for some money in the office

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Joe do to help him get his paper?
a. in fact, he didn't really answer the man's question
b. He asked the man for a job
c. The man gave him some money. His father told him to do so and then said it again."
d. He asked the man for he was born in

Correct Options is a.
Question: Walking builds what?
a. heart and lungs
b. weight
c. body and lungs.
d. heart disease

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of exercise does walking offer?
a. it is easy to continue
b. it is easy to walk
c. it is a good way for people's health.
d. it can help in weight control

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are two types of shoes that people wear?
a. walking shoes and comfortable clothes
b. walking shoes and a team
c. walking boots, shoes or shoes.
d. walking shoes with special equipment

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Dan's job?
a. a doorman
b. a manager
c. he was an employee.
d. ie a manager

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did people ask Dan about every day in the city of New York City if they stopped and asked him to do
a. What time is it,please?
b. What time is it,please?
c. What time are you going to ask for.
d. What time will I give him

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Dan do when people stopped and asked him?
a. No, he didn't
b. Yes, he did.
c. No! He didn't?
d. No, he didn'

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Dan's answer to the people who asked him?
a. Stupid Question
b. A Question
c. A Question.
d. A Question

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where did Holmes and Dr. Watson lay down?
a. in the middle of the night
b. in the middle of the night
c. at noon.
d. on the morning

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many times did Holmes and Dr. Watson go on a camping trip?
a. three
b. two
c. four.
d. five

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Holmes and Dr Watson do on a hot summer day?
a. They had some wine before they went to sleep.
b. They had some food before they went to sleep.
c. They had a good meal and waited for their friend's help at home, too!
d. They had a good meal after they went to sleep in crowded tent

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the eighteenth "World Reading Day"?
a. World Reading Day.
b. World Reading Day.
c. World Reading Day, and the other day of it!
d. World Reading Day

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where do people buy books?
a. Everywhere.
b. In their homes.
c. In hospitals and parks, in schools or hospitals?
d. In big cities

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people in Germany read?
a. seven.
b. seven.
c. eighteen, and siximes in all!
d. Seven

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many times can you save money on a green change?
a. Five.
b. Two.
c. Four, and four of them all in one place or two!
d. Five

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the goal for recycling greenhouse gases?
a. It will help to reduce a great deal of CO2.
b. It will help to reduce the amount of CO2.
c. It will make people feel proud.
d. It will save you a lot from global-warming

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the way you can make recycled paper in your bathroom?
a. Ways 3 & 4.
b. Ways 2 & 4.
c. Ways 4 and 5.
d. Ways 5

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the goal of recycling?
a. They all produce less greenhouse gases as a result.
b. They all make more toilet paper.
c. They all help to make clean air and save the environment from hot CO every year, too!
d. They all have a long history of green changes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the above mentioned green changes?
a. All of above
b. Greenhouse gases
c. The big problem of global-warming.
d. The goal to limit greenhouse gas

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did one 9 year old say when he was home?
a. help him with the homework
b. play games
c. play with toy cars.
d. play games

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many kids thought robots could help them learn better?
a. 25
b. 20
c. 25.
d. 30

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a movie that kids have unbelievable imagination?
a. Robots make movies.
b. Robots make movies.
c. Robots do chores and boring work, so they might be freed up."
d. Robots do homework to help kids learn better

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who did one hundred kids think robots could help them learn better?
a. parents
b. Roberts
c. A quarter of the kids.
d. Roberts

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the dream robot?
a. are full of ideas
b. are clever
c. are funny.
d. are clever

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did some people in the US ask about?
a. wanted to know what were fruits and vegetables
b. what were fruits and vegetables
c. how were fruits or vegetables?
d. What were fruits but not vegetables

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did people talk about fruits and vegetables?
a. during a meal
b. before or after a meal
c. in 1893.
d. during a meal

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do most people think fruits mean?
a. They are sweet things.
b. They are vegetables.
c. They are vegetables and eat them as vegetables."
d. They are apples, pears or bananas

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the lamb that a farmer had?
a. Ugly.
b. White.
c. White and black!
d. White

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of a farmer who gave bad food to?
a. the black lamb
b. the white lamb
c. the black sheep.
d. the white lamb

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a farmer see when they went out to find their way home?
a. the ground was covered with thick snow
b. the ground was covered with snow
c. the ground was covered in snow.
d. the ground was covered with snow

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the farmer do when they found that their lambs were not at home?
a. he saw the black lamb
b. he went out to look for them
c. he looked at the white lamb.
d. he looked for them

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the farmer do to find their lambs?
a. Don t tell a person by his appearance.
b. Don t tell the person by his appearance.
c. Don 'T tell the person about his appearance in winter! .
d. Don <unk>t tell a person to look for them at home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do penguins do?
a. eat fish only
b. fly
c. swim in the ocean water.
d. feed fish and krill

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the oil that leaking from a ship hurts 40% of penguins in South Africa?
a. Oil searching.
b. Fishing.
c. Exploration for oil and oil leaks in ocean water,
d. Fish fishing

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did thousands of people help clean and treat their penguins?
a. Because people treated the penguins well.
b. Because people were too busy to clean and treat them.
c. Because they were too tired of cleaning the penguins' food in a ship, or so on at night?
d. Because they were too tired for the penguins to live near cold waters

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who does Manuel's mom do the other chore?
a. Her mom.
b. Her mother.
c. Her mother's mom and her husband."
d. Her mother

Correct Options is a.
Question: How does Vivian say she can do everything?
a. She lives by herself.
b. She likes cooking.
c. She likes to cook dishes at home, too!
d. She likes to do laundry and gardening

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the person who does not like to do laundry?
a. Maybe Arthur has already retired .
b. Maybe Arthur has retired.
c. Perhaps Arthur is a good cook?
d. Maybe Arthur is 67 years old

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of student is Tony?
a. a student
b. a student
c. he is an actor.
d. hollywood

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why does Tony not listen to his parents?
a. No, they don't
b. Yes, they don't
c. No. They don' t!
d. No, they don'

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Tony buy one Sunday afternoon?
a. shirt
b. a shirt
c. a sweater.
d. a scarf

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why does Tony watch TV?
a. Because he likes the popular hair style.
b. Because he likes the popular hair style.
c. because he doesn't listen to them any more, but he doesn'T listen there very much."
d. Because a boy likes the popular hair style

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happens to Tony when he is sick?
a. That evening he has a bad cold.
b. He is ill.
c. His parents take him to hospital and bring him back home, too!
d. The next morning his mother buys a beautiful shirt for him

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of organization does the US Department of Labor allow teens to apply for?
a. organization
b. organization
c. organisation.
d. organization

Correct Options is a.
Question: How old are most teens in the US?
a. fourteen
b. fourteen
c. thirteen.
d. fifteen

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the top job for teens?
a. At a camp.
b. In ice cream stores.
c. At clothing shops and coffee shop, in the summer of 2014.
d. In the house for children to sleep

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do babysitters get after the kids are sleeping?
a. have lots of freedom
b. have a snack
c. watch TV and talk on the phone with friends.
d. have a good rest

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of books are there?
a. travel books
b. books
c. colour films.
d. travels

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of one type of travel book?
a. travelled
b. a colour film
c. a book with objective information.
d. a guide to some place

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way that a writer can find out about traveling?
a. the writers of travel books may be different
b. the writers of travel books are different
c. the writers of travel books may be different.
d. the writers of travel books may be different

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of person is Jeff Keith?
a. disabled
b. young
c. old.
d. disabled

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Jeff Keith have?
a. legs
b. legs
c. legs.
d. legs

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did Jeff Keith start running?
a. at the age of twenty-two
b. at the age of twelve
c. in Boston.
d. on the way to Los Angeles

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Jeff want to do?
a. Jeff is studying in a college now and he wants to be a lawyer.
b. He wants to be a doctor.
c. He wants to run for everyone in America and America now, but he wants to be able do so all the time!
d. He wants to make money from the American Cancer Society

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Sagittarius?
a. Lucy, a girl who was born on Nov 30, 1991.
b. Lucy, a girl who was born on Nov 30, 1991.
c. Lucy's mother and daughter in the west of China; she is from China to America."
d. Lucy, whose parents were born at the age of 21

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a group that has to be open about everything?
a. Sagittarians often tell lies.
b. Sagittarius is a group that has a complete system of star signs.
c. Sagittarians are clever and honest, but they don'T mean to do it all at once!
d. Sagittarians are interested in everything because they have humour

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Jason do about hershey?
a. Her wonderful trip to a chocolate factory.
b. Her love for the movieCharlie.
c. Her trip to a small town in Pennsylvania, Washington DC and Philadelphia!
d. Her visit to he's a chocolate-themed amusement park

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Jason say about Hershey chocolate?
a. It was a theme park.
b. It was a small farm.
c. It was mainly made in America, and it was very popular with people around the world!
d. It was a movie about chocolate

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Jason say about the factory?
a. Hershey Chocolate developed very fast.
b. It was a small town.
c. The whole town is a chocolate-themed amusement park, and the whole town is a quiet little town in America."
d. The factory was built by the tour guide to the town of Hershey

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Jason say about Hershey chocolate?
a. The writer couldn't wait to visit the factory.
b. The writer was very excited.
c. The writer was very happy to visit the factory in Washington DC, Pennsylvania and America!
d. The writer was very angry with her friends at the movieCharlie

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Rita do when she was a little girl?
a. Linda had never got the dream doll form her parents
b. She was looking for a doll in the mall
c. The doll had been given by Angel of Joy.
d. She was asked to have,the gift from her mother

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Rita think was the best birthday gift for her daughter?
a. A Late Birthday Gift
b. A Christmas Gift
c. A Christmas Carol.
d. A Christmas Card

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the seahorse?
a. a fish
b. a fish
c. weed.
d. a fish

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the fish that has been in place by Mother seahorse?
a. hatched from eggs
b. hatched from eggs
c. hatched by the seahorse.
d. hatched with eggs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of fish swims by?
a. small fish
b. small fish
c. small birds.
d. big animals

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the size of seahorse?
a. much smaller than a horse
b. much smaller than a horse
c. as big as weeds.
d. as small as a fish

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the mother do every day?
a. to feed her babies
b. to play with her four children
c. To see a dog in the river.
d. to watch a movie

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Jane Goodall find about chimpanzees?
a. cared for the hurt or lost ones
b. were very brave
c. were very brave.
d. had duties

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the birds do when they fell on a street?
a. they wanted to save their baby
b. they wanted to take their baby away
c. they wanted to show their love for each other.
d. they wanted to make friends with the people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do you think animals have?
a. animal parents love their children a lot
b. animals have duties
c. animals like each other and their children.
d. animals like each other

Correct Options is a.
Question: On what date is it celebrated?
a. Aug.5th.
b. Aug.5th
c. August 5.
d. Aug. 5th

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Judy think must be in the card?
a. The name of her present.
b. The name of her present.
c. The name of her present and the name for her presents."
d. The name of her present, but not in 'age'

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where does Judy's father tell her that she is present?
a. In her study.
b. In her bedroom.
c. On the chair of a table in it, and there is a piece of paper on its backs to go home from school."
d. In her bedroom

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Judy's birthday?
a. A bike.
b. A bag.
c. A piece of paper, and a piece of paper in it."
d. A card on the chair

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does a discipline leader do?
a. make sure that nobody chats in class
b. take care of the whole group
c. make sure that everyone finishes their homework.
d. make sure that everyone finishes their homework

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Wei Liying say the new way of learning was to give students more chances?
a. communicate
b. sit in groups
c. play different roles.
d. talk

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Wang Lin do to help him learn?
a. get benefits from
b. learn from
c. learn English.
d. learn more about

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many blackboards are on the walls of Dulangkou School?
a. Three.
b. Two.
c. Four, and four!
d. Five

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of clothes do my friends like?
a. Red.
b. White.
c. White and black clothes,
d. White

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of outfit does Emma wear?
a. skirt
b. cap
c. pants.
d. cap

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is her sister?
a. Emma
b. David
c. Peter.
d. David

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does David wear?
a. white cap
b. green skirt
c. green pants.
d. black coat

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who often wears a white coat?
a. David and Peter
b. Emma
c. Sue and Mina.
d. Emma

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where do I study?
a. In America
b. In America
c. At home.
d. In China

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the shy boy I am?
a. he can't speak English well
b. he isn't good at English
c. l likes to speak with others.
d. a Chinese boy

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do I change myself in my second year?
a. He must do some new things.
b. He must speak to others.
c. He must speak English well in America, and he can't speak Chinese easily at school now!
d. He must be part of a club

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a Chinese boy?
a. The Media Center is Lin Tao's first club.
b. Lin Tao is a shy boy.
c. Lin Ta O's classmate Jim tells him something about the club, so 1 join it now and then."
d. Lin Taon is a shy boy in America

Correct Options is a.
Question: What two companies offer electronic "hong bao"?
a. Alibaba and Tencent
b. WeChat and Alibaba
c. Alipay, Tencent or Xiami.
d. Alibaba's music app

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the new way of exchange money with smartphone?
a. Sending "red envelopes" through smartphones.
b. Giving money in envelopes.
c. Taking part in the digital battle with smartphones and phones, which are popular among Chinese people's families now."
d. Giving money to children at Lunar New Year

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did weChat do?
a. The idea of electronic red envelope was introduced by Wechat in 2014.
b. It was a mobile messaging system with over 400 million users.
c. It is allowing its 190 million users to send digital gifts on WeChat, saying they were at risk for the past few weeks and have blocked Alipay's music app Xiami in 2014.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of using red envelopes?
a. To gain many more new App users.
b. To attract the public's attention.
c. To make people more popular in China now and then, to play games with them."
d. To get more money from the Internet service system

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do you point out when someone makes a mistake?
a. politely
b. kindly
c. respectfully.
d. honest

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are two basic rules of behavior that should be followed on the internet?
a. both A and B
b. treat others in the same way you would want to be treated
c. Treat others as you would want to be treated.
d. Treat others in the same way you would want to be treated

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is simple in face-to-face communication?
a. basic rules of behavior on the Internet.
b. The rules of behavior on the Internet.
c. The rules of behavior in the chat room and in the chat rooms, which are not easy to follow by people's eyes or ears."
d. The rules of behavior on the internet

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who have many answers to give?
a. The teacher and her students
b. The teacher and her students
c. The teacher, the teacher or the teacher.
d. The teacher's friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do students need most?
a. breakfast
b. lunch
c. dinner.
d. breakfast

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Ann say about the day?
a. from night to morning is a long time to go without food.
b. The students have many answers to give.
c. The students may feel sick if they have no breakfast at night, or from night on the blackboard."
d. the students may feel like working

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do people want to eat?
a. pearls
b. chickens
c. black rice.
d. fish

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did the Chinese use ginger?
a. The Chinese have eaten medicinal food for a long time.
b. The Chinese have eaten medicinal food for centuries.
c. The Chinese have eaten medicinal food and spices since it tasted good, too!
d. The Chinese have eaten medicinal food because it was bad to the digestion

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did the Chinese use ginger?
a. Because it was good for people's health.
b. Because it was good for people's digestion.
c. Because it was a common spice in Chinese cooking and medicine, too!
d. Because it was medicinal to people who had colds

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the Chinese say about a woman in San Francisco
a. Why do women like "Queen's Secret"?
b. Why are women good at cooking?
c. How can people buy medicine in pharmacies.
d. Why are women not good medicines

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do Chinese people want to try at a Chinese restaurant?
a. More foreigners will learn more about medicinal food.
b. Some people don't believe that food and spices are good medicines.
c. People can buy medicine in drugstores, not in supermarkets or pharmacies at the restaurant for free!
d. Some people don' eat medicinal food because it is bad to eat meat from chickens with black feathers

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Val go to school?
a. Because he was free.
b. Because he was very poor.
c. because he was not good at school, too!
d. Because he was old enough to go home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of his father's mother?
a. Val.
b. Val.
c. Val's sister and his mother."
d. The boy who likes apples very much

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did his mother do when she went to school?
a. His sister was doing her homework.
b. His mother was watching TV.
c. He was doing some housework and eats apples for him, too!
d. He was doing some housework with Val

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people can you learn to sing?
a. 6
b. 5
c. 6
d. 7

Correct Options is a.
Question: How much does the piano cost?
a. $20
b. $25
c. $20.
d. $30

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of music is the violin?
a. chess
b. drums
c. trumpet.
d. violin

Correct Options is a.
Question: How much does the club charge for a piano?
a. $45
b. $30
c. $45.
d. $80

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did he do?
a. How Effendi played a trick on the king
b. How the king killed Effendi
c. How the Minister died.
d. How the king killed Effendis

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to Minister Effendi?
a. he fell to the ground from the horse
b. he was killed by the king
c. he was sent to the King at once.
d. he was sent to the King

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the king think he would do?
a. He wanted to find an excuse  to kill Effendi
b. He wanted to kill Effendi
c. He wanted to kill Effendis.
d. He wanted to keep Effendus alive

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the purpose of Effendi?
a. he hoped to live a long life
b. he wanted to be a cat-ch.
c. he wanted to make friends with the king and his men."
d. he wanted to get along well with the Prime Minister

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did a man like 'Eric Endossion' think if he killed him?
a. If the king killed Effendi, he himself would die two days later.
b. He was afraid of the king.
c. The king would kill him again and then, so he wouldn't die later than himself."
d. If the Minister died in front of him, he could die two days earlier

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do babies learn their language?
a. Slowly
b. Slowly
c. Fast.
d. Slowly

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many sentences does a child write in English?
a. six
b. three
c. five.
d. six

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a book that helps children learn English?
a. Children'storybooks
b. A book
c. A new word notebook.
d. A new word notebook

Correct Options is a.
Question: How big is the size of Taiwan?
a. a bit smaller
b. a bit smaller
c. a bit larger.
d. a bit smaller

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the weather that makes the Netherlands a popular place for people?
a. Weather.
b. Culture.
c. Art and culture in the Netherlands, as well As in the UK!
d. Cultures & art

Correct Options is a.
Question: How much of the country is based on seas and rivers?
a. 16%
b. 16%
c. 44%.
d. 65%

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are their friends?
a. China and the Netherlands have been neighouring countries for a long time.
b. China and the Netherlands are friends.
c. The Netherlands have been neighouring countries for a long time, but they don't know how to do so now or then?
d. They are friends of Vincent van Gogh

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long is the race in London?
a. long
b. long
c. hard.
d. short

Correct Options is a.
Question: When was Joy Foster born?
a. 1950
b. 1931
c. 1988.
d. 1991

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who has ever broken the record of walking backwards?
a. Nobody else
b. A man from Texas
c. The youngest international player.
d. A man who is a Jamaican table tennis champion

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the strongest sport in a race?
a. Sport superlatives
b. Football
c. Tennis.
d. Tennis

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who learn a lot about food in the world?
a. Scientists
b. People
c. Scientists.
d. Scientists

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do scientists say is not important?
a. what to eat
b. what to eat
c. what to eat.
d. how to eat

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important thing about eating junk food?
a. All the people in the world have enough food to eat.
b. People in Africa are full.
c. People don't need to eat junk food at all, too!
d. People in Africa are not full and healthy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of potato chips are used to make people eat every day?
a. Potato chips
b. Potato chips
c. Potatoes.
d. Potatoes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the magazine that says people in different countries eat different kinds of food?
a. a health magazine
b. a science magazine <sep>.an advertisement for the magazine's name and name of it."
c. a food journal

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main use of colour in animals?
a. locusts can change their colours to protect themselves
b. locusts can change their colurs with the changes of the colours.
c. locustes can move quietly through forests and are easily found by others, but they cannot be seen at night or in the sea alone

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some other pests have to do?
a. hide in the day time and appear at night
b. move quietly
c. move slowly through forests.
d. move quickly and swim away

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why can birds not be easily seen by hunters?
a. their colours are much like the trees
b. they are not strong enough
c. their colours are different from the trees.
d. they are very strong

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the effect that fish in the sea have on their animals?
a. they can give out a kind of black liquid
b. they can spread over quickly
c. they can swim away from enemies.
d. they can be found by their enemies

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the primary purpose of protecting themselves?
a. The main use of colours for animals and pests
b. The changes of the colours for animals and pests
c. The change of the colours in animals or pest's lives.
d. The use of colours to protect themselves

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are two expressions that describe very modern technology?
a. To tell what "high tech" and "state of the art" are.
b. To describe what "high tech" and "state of the art".
c. to describe what "state of the arts" are.
d. To tell how high technology is used in the world today

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the term for "state of art"?
a. "High tech" describes a technology that is not traditional.
b. "High tech" is a new expression.
c. "State of the art" is based on the latest ways and technology in America, or in other countries."
d. "High tech" is mainly used to describe the best way of doing something

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do people call high tech?
a. All the producers claim that their products are "state of the art" nowadays.
b. All the producers claim that their products are "state of the art".
c. All the producers claim that their products are "state of the arts" nowadays.
d. All the manufacturers claim that their products are "state of the art."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are two expressions that describe very modern technology?
a. High Tech and State of the Art
b. High Technology and State of the Art
c. High Technology, State of the Art or State Of the Art.
d. High Tech & State of the Art

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the fastest way a thief can run?
a. running
b. running
c. rushing alone.
d. walking

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the thief do when he runs after him?
a. runs away quickly
b. breaks into his house
c. runs off as fast.
d. shouts loudly

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a thief that runs after him?
a. doesn't stop
b. is wrong
c. is angry.
d. is angry

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Mr. Smith think of him?
a. he runs faster than the thief
b. he is not good at running
c. he can run faster than the thief.
d. he runs fast as the thiefer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Mr. Smith say he can't run from me?
a. runs away
b. runs away
c. breaks into his house.
d. is rushing alone

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do people think about a baby?
a. what you look like
b. what you like
c. what you're afraid of.
d. what you think

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most difficult way to make yourself better?
a. a person can try to change his/her personality
b. a person can get too worried about his/her shortcomings
c. he/she can't accept your shortcomings.
d. if you don'T know how to make friends, try to accept them

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of food does British people eat every day?
a. Potatoes.
b. Bread.
c. Rice and dumplings,
d. Bread with butter

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is made from milk?
a. Butter.
b. Bread.
c. Rice and potatoes,
d. Milk

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is butter made from?
a. Milk
b. Bread
c. Rice.
d. Tea

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are the two things that Chinese people do?
a. Both Chinese people and English people like rice and fish.
b. Both Chinese people and Englishpeople like tea.
c. Both Chinese people and English people like tea, meat or fish with potatoes und one or two other vegetables in the world!
d. Both Chinese people and English people like tea but tea

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the only way to get a student in Annenberg Hall?
a. A meal with Harvard students.
b. A visit to Harvard University.
c. An appointment with a student in the House dining halls, or at the residence hall of an old school seniors' house for one night and then stay overnight on Monday through Thursday from October 1st thru early March."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the first year in Annenberg Hall?
a. Dining halls.
b. Dorms.
c. Academic departments, athletic facilities and libraries in the university of Edu for all visitors to visit Harvard University at once!
d. Attend a class with teachers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the website that provides information about visiting Harvard?
a. school website
b. university website
c. dorms and academic departments.
d. athletic facilities

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where do people dance and sing on a street or in an area?
a. In the railway stations.
b. In the street.
c. At the railway station in Liverpool, and near an area of London or Manchester City centre to Paris

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the fans of a flash mob do in 2009?
a. to remember Michael Jackson
b. to get together
c. not to use negative words.
d. to make friends with others

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happens to flash mobs?
a. After simple actions they usually go away slowly.
b. They usually get together in a place.
c. After simple actions they often disappear quickly, and then slowly move away from the place to the place of their friends' lives."
d. When they are dancing on the street or in the railway station there is no good reason for them

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the red rose usually a sign of?
a. has fallen in love with her
b. is a guest
c. has a lot of friends.
d. has been a guest

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does a person do when they put his thumb and forefinger into circle?
a. is satisfied with
b. is angry with
c. is unhappy about.
d. is angry at

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the person who tries to avoid embarrasses in Rome?
a. impolite
b. rude
c. friendly.
d. honest

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do we usually shake our heads to show?
a. disagrees
b. is happy
c. is angry.
d. is angry

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between cultures and custom?
a. we should obey its customs when we are in a foreign country
b. we should obey its customs when we are in a foreign country
c. we should obey it to avoid embarrassment.
d. we should learn more about it

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of meat do people like to make dumplings with?
a. Vegetables and pork.
b. Sugar and eggs.
c. Eggs, sugar or so on!
d. Eggs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for people to eat dumplings?
a. you are busy
b. you are poor
c. you are hungry.
d. they are not good

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did people not often make their dumplings?
a. In the old days, people could only eat dumplings because they were poor.
b. They didn't like to eat dumplings.
c. People didn'T like to make their dumpling at home, because they were richer and richier than before!
d. They couldn' not eat dumplings in the old days

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did Hunter Adam become ill?
a. When he was a teenager boy
b. When he was a doctor
c. After he left the hospital.
d. Before he went to a medical school

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did doctors at the medical school not like Adams?
a. because he wasn't the same as others
b. because he was too different
c. Because he was too different.
d. because he was too different

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Hunter Adam's first name?
a. was a hospital
b. was a hospital
c. had a special hospital.
d. was he doctor

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the movie about Hunter Adams?
a. Robin Williams believed that patients need a doctor who is a friend.
b. He was a very warm person.
c. He was mainly a clown in the hospital and wore white coats with flowers on them when he visited his patients, too."
d. He was able to make children laugh by wearing shirts as clowns

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Adam's first hospital?
a. a doctor named Hunter Adams
b. a medical school
c. he opened his own hospital.
d. a doctor who is ill

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where is West Lake located?
a. in central Hangzhou
b. in Zhejiang Province
c. In Zhejiang province of eastern China.
d. in Zhejiang

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many causeways are in the West Lake?
a. three
b. two
c. four.
d. five

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many times did Bai Juyi visit West Lake?
a. first
b. twice
c. three times.
d. four times

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of people are sure to be attracted by the beauty?
a. tourists
b. teachers
c. teachers.
d. students

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of tutor wanted Do you like kids?
a. an English tutor
b. a woman teacher
c. ten years' experience.
d. a teacher

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long does the English tutor have?
a. three hours
b. two hours
c. two days.
d. two hours

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the job that we need to teach?
a. Cooking for the kids.
b. Teaching the kids.
c. Playing with the kids in our house, and playing games on Saturdays or Sunday morning'Sunday afternoon."
d. Teaching children English from 3:00 to 6:00 pm

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the person who can teach English?
a. be beautiful
b. be a teacher
c. be good at English.
d. be hard-working

Correct Options is a.
Question: How much does the tutor pay?
a. The tutor can get $260, if she teaches the kid for two weekends.
b. The tutor can get $260, if she teaches the kid for two weekends.
c. The tutor can get $30 each hour and $80 every hour in Beihai Road or Garden District!

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many classmates have adopted pets online?
a. 20
b. 10
c. 15
d. 14

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the 15 year old girl say she has learned how to take care of her pet?
a. It is great fun.
b. It is easy.
c. It is good for her family members to care about it!
d. It is bad for her parents' studies

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most popular online game among teenagers?
a. Raising an online pet doesn't mean spending a lot of time online.
b. Raising pets is a game.
c. Raising pets is the most popular online games in China and Japan, at least 20 of them have adopted pets on the Internet now or then!
d. Raising pets is not good for teenagers' studies

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many students have adopted pets online?
a. Three.
b. Two.
c. Four, and four!
d. Five

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a popular online game among teens?
a. Raising pets online is popular among teenagers.
b. Raising pets online is popular among teenagers.
c. Raising pets online is popular with teens in China and abroad, as well As raising pets on the Internet now or then?
d. Raising pets online is not good for teenagers

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is happy for everyone?
a. all people
b. all people
c. everyone.
d. everyone

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do the people who are in trouble at school say congratulations to?
a. people around you will help you to correct it
b. you will be very happy
c. you will be very lucky and happy.
d. your parents will take good care of you

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happens when a person is in trouble at school?
a. When you get success, your friends will say congratulations to you.
b. When you are in trouble, your parents will take good care of you.
c. If you have a lot of money and lots of money or not at school it is hard to get success from your friends' help!
d. When you are very poor, you have more chances to challenge yourself

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do you have to worry about people who are lonely?
a. Because money doesn't always bring people happiness.
b. Because money is not the same as money.
c. Because people who have big houses are very happy and so on, too!
d. Because you can't get enough money to buy things with money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason you don't need to worry about people who have beautiful houses?
a. Happiness is for everyone.
b. People who have big houses are lonely.
c. People who have nice cars and a lot of money can't be bought with money, or those who have large gardens in their free time!
d. People who have beautiful houses may often feel lonely

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of food do Italians like to eat?
a. pizza
b. fish
c. chips.
d. chicken

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where is the most popular food in America?
a. England
b. China
c. Japan.
d. Australia

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of meat does the hamburger have?
a. pork
b. bread
c. chicken.
d. cake

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of meat does the hamburger have?
a. pork
b. bread
c. chicken.
d. cake

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is every country's favorite?
a. food
b. pizza
c. fish and chips.
d. chicken

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do Audets use cow wastes to produce?
a. make electricity
b. produce electricity
c. make more money.
d. make more energy

Correct Options is a.
Question: How does the machine pushes the manure into a big tank like 'Swimming Pool'?
a. The job is done by machine
b. The job is done by machine
c. The job is done on the farm.
d. The job is done in a big tank

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a greenhouse gas?
a. The heat of the methane gas
b. The amount of the methane gas
c. The amount of the methane gases.
d. The amount of the methane gas

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of gas does the Audet family use to produce electricity?
a. recycling
b. gas
c. water.
d. gas

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose for Blue Spruce Farm?
a. To introduce a new way of making electricity
b. To make more cows live in a big heap
c. To help farmers grow their barn floor.
d. To sell the extra electricity to the farmers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the reasons people believed that heart was a center of emotions?
a. loses his heart to Mary
b. is a center of emotions
c. has a heart in the right place.
d. is a center of emotions

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do you decide to do to a friend?
a. pour out your heart
b. tell him or her about your personal problems
c. show sympathy for his/her situation.
d. put your heart at rest

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a friend asking to do when she says sorry?
a. have your heart in the right place
b. have your heart in the right place
c. show her sympathy for you.
d. put your heart at rest

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a person who has broken heart?
a. be brave
b. be honest
c. be open and honest.
d. be kind to others

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the villager want them to do?
a. inspire the villagers to bring out their own food
b. make a large pot of soup
c. make the world, and ourselves, poorer.
d. create ten meals that none of them could have created alone

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the story of stone soup tell when humans are not able to store things?
a. sharing is more important than keeping things to oneself
b. we can't keep things to ourselves
c. we can' hardly keep everything in the world.
d. we can' not have a feast without resources

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of junk is found in space?
a. rockets
b. satellites
c. space probe.
d. a glove

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Edward White lose during the first American spacewalk?
a. a glove
b. a piece of clothing
c. a hole in satellin window.
d. some paint

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many kilometers per hour did Edward White travel in space?
a. 28,000
b. 300,000
c. 10,000.
d. 18,000

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do things move in space?
a. fast
b. fast
c. fast.
d. fast

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can a small piece of clothing be that is moving fast in space?
a. dangerous
b. dangerous
c. dangerous.
d. useless

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mr. and Mrs Green go to the country for one summer?
a. to spend their holiday
b. to visit the old man
c. To meet an old man.
d. to visit a farm

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Mr. Green and Mrs green enjoy the country?
a. it was quiet and clean
b. it was beautiful
c. it was very beautiful.
d. it was quiet and clean

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did Mr. and Mrs Green go for a walk?
a. early in the morning
b. early in the morning
c. late on Sunday.
d. early at night

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mr. Green ask him?
a. I like to live in this place
b. I like to live in this place
c. I like to live on a farm.
d. I like to live there

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the old man ask?
a. come and visit him
b. come and visit him
c. know each other.
d. see him

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the light from stars look like when they travel through different parts of earth's atmosphere?
a. It looks as if it is moving.
b. It looks like it is moving.
c. It looks like it is flying in the sky at night and on a hot day, there is nothing wrong with its eyes when you look up into the sky to see things move slightly!
d. It looks like it is moving all the time

Correct Options is a.
Question: On what day is the image in distance not clear?
a. shiny days
b. hot days
c. hot nights.
d. cold day

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the twinkling effect that causes astronomers to see?
a. The rock becomes unclear.
b. The sky becomes hot.
c. The earth's atmosphere is moving all the time, and things move slightly in distance!
d. The air moves through different parts of the earth's atmosphere

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why is scintillation a problem for astronomer?
a. Astronomers cannot observe the stars clearly.
b. The earth's atmosphere is moving all the time.
c. The air in the earth' s atmosphere is moving too much to see it on hot and shiny days, but it is not clear at that point of the sky or the sky any more!

Correct Options is a.
Question: When do children in England need to have a work permit?
a. 13.
b. 14.
c. 12..
d. 13.

Correct Options is a.
Question: When do teenagers get up to deliver newspapers?
a. early in the morning
b. early in the morning
c. late at night.
d. early on Sunday

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most popular job for teenagers?
a. work in a night club
b. Work in a shop
c. Washing cars.
d. Working at home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the age of children in England?
a. 10.
b. 13.
c. 14.
d. 12.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can sports do?
a. make our body healthy
b. make our children clever
c. make our children smart.
d. make our friends happy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the use of sports help kids do?
a. it helps children do their schoolwork well
b. it helps children do their homework well
c. it helps kids do their homework.
d. it helps children do their homework

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a walk, run or exercise that can make children clever?
a. jumping
b. study
c. schoolwork.
d. swimming

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can be fun?
a. doing a lot of sports at a time makes you very healthy
b. Doing sports at a time makes you happy
c. Doing sports together is good for us.
d. Doing sports in the gym can make your body healthy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are the reasons for a good exercise?
a. why and how we should do sports
b. how we should do sports
c. how we should do exercise.
d. how we should do sports

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did I remember making the first day of code?
a. created a web page
b. played music
c. made a video.
d. made a video

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the class that I attended?
a. There are coding classes for girls.
b. There are coding classes for girls.
c. There are coding classes in Ireland and Dublin City University, there is no coderDojo class at all!
d. There are coding classes for boys

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main benefit of CoderDojo?
a. It helps children with their creativity.
b. It helps children learn to write.
c. It makes children more creative and fun-loving in life!
d. It is a great way to leam more about technology

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the program that helps perople learn computer programming?
a. Kids Should Have Chances to Learn to Code
b. Kids Should Learn to Write
c. Children Need To Play Music and Draw.
d. Kids Should Learn to Create Art

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did the island of New York live?
a. By water.
b. By boat.
c. On foot, by bike and on the sea level of New York City!
d. By bus or by train

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people lived on the island?
a. 4
b. 3
c. 4
d. 5

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Love say was the only one who stayed on an island?
a. Sadness wanted to stay alone.
b. Love wanted to stay alone.
c. Love wanted to stay with the elders in a boat, and so on that island would sink at once!
d. Love wanted to keep away from the old people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the time when all feelings lived on an island?
a. Time.
b. Love.
c. Sadness and Knowledge, but not Time!
d. The elder's voice

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Love say about the island?
a. Different Feelings
b. A beautiful ship
c. A beautiful boat.
d. A lot of gold and silver

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do you need to know about your family?
a. Joan's friends visit her more often than she can accept
b. Joan's friends don't pay attention to her needs
c. Joan' a party house is not comfortable and warm.
d. Joan's friends don'm sure she will be happy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for my abusive home?
a. Her family experience stops her doing so.
b. She has a good job.
c. Her friends don't like her home at all, too!
d. She doesn' have enough personal space to live with them

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why does Tom like to help people?
a. he is friendly
b. he is smart
c. a lot of money.
d. his mother cooks

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Tom do after school?
a. He plays musical instruments for the old people.
b. He plays the violin and the guitar.
c. He plays the piano for the old people's home, but he is free at weekends to play music with his friends in school or on weekday nights!
d. He always goes to the old people' house when he is with his friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Tom's birthday?
a. has a party
b. is a birthday
c. has a party.
d. is a birthday

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who gives Tom an English dictionary?
a. Sally
b. Bob
c. Tom's mother.
d. Bob

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Vince do when he was eight?
a. wash his hands
b. wash his hands
c. put his hands in the water for a few seconds.
d. put his hands into the water

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Vince say to Toby's hands?
a. proud
b. angry
c. angry.
d. worried

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Vince's mother say to him?
a. cleaner
b. cleaner
c. cleaner.
d. cleaner

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did to the boy do when he was eight?
a. Vince and Toby didn't like soap or water.
b. He washed his hands well.
c. Vince put his hands in the water for a few seconds and then took them out again, too!
d. He went outside to play with their parents

Correct Options is a.
Question: How old was Vince when he was eight?
a. Six.
b. Three.
c. Four, and a half."
d. Six

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where did Victory Bacelis live?
a. in Mexico
b. in California
c. In America.
d. in the US

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Victory do when he works at McDonal's?
a. he is saving up to buy a house
b. he is cleaning the floor
c. he is picking up an envelope.
d. a baby has to pay for it

Correct Options is a.
Question: How much did Victory get in the envelope?
a. 612 dollars
b. 612 dollars
c. 611 dollar.
d. 612 dollars

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Victory do when he was told about Adrian Snadoval?
a. He gave it away to a very sick baby.
b. He called the police.
c. He found the owner of it in his pocket, and he picked it up at McDonal's!
d. He gave it to the owner

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of person did Victory Bacelis have?
a. very kind
b. very kind
c. very kind.
d. very friendly

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Albert Einstein think about?
a. was interested in
b. was interested in
c. hated and disliked.
d. was interested in

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of scientist did Albert Einstein have?
a. scientific
b. clever
c. smart.
d. intelligent

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the newspaper that zoo-goers are sad about?
a. A newspaper.
b. A newspaper.
c. A news report, and a story book."
d. A storybook

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Tai Shan's name?
a. love to visit the zoo
b. love to live in China
c. love to live with his mother and father.
d. love to live at the zoo

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the black-eared bear that was born at DC Zoo?
a. Tai Shan.
b. Mei Xiang.
c. Tian Tian, and Tai Shan's father."
d. Meiji Xiang

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the zoo-goers say they would leave?
a. Tai Shan and his parents belong to China
b. Tai Shan is a famous bear
c. Tai Shan has been loved by Chinese people since 2005.
d. Tai Shan should have been returned to China when he was 2.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the National Zoo try to do?
a. To make Mei Xiang give birth to new babies.
b. To make Mei Xiang grow up.
c. To give Meiji Xiang more money to grow his panda in China and abroad, too!
d. To help Mei Xuan grow up with the Chinese government

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Mr. Yang care about?
a. his health
b. his health
c. his weight.
d. his clothes

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many ways does Mr. Yang control his weight?
a. two
b. one
c. three.
d. five

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Mr. Yang do when he buys his belt?
a. it can remind him not to eat too much
b. it can make him feel a little too tight
c. it can make him feel a little too tight.
d. it can make him feel a little too tight

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the salesperson ask him to punch in his belt?
a. Mr. Yang uses a belt to control how much he eats.
b. Mr. Yang is too busy to go out early and walk the rest of the way home
c. Mr. Yang is too busy for his exercise at school, so he can't stop eating any more in order not to punch it on him or her as soon as possible."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Tiger do when he was 12?
a. he wanted to talk to his dog
b. he wanted to talk with his friend
c. he wanted to talk about the river.
d. a young lady asked him to help

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Tiger say to his dog?
a. The kind words spoken to him.
b. The kind words he had heard.
c. The unkind words that he had ever heard to him, and then said it again in the end!
d. The word "Unum" which he had never heard before

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Jim's first kind words?
a. excited
b. happy
c. sad.
d. angry

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Tiger do to help his dog?
a. He helped a young lady when her bag dropped.
b. He helped a young lady when she dropped her bag.
c. He helped he cut his heart like spies and knives to the young woman's ears, too!
d. He helped eat and drink with the young lady in front of him

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Jim's first friend?
a. The Power of Kindness
b. The Great Dog
c. The Good Shepherd.
d. The Poor Boy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of people did Mo Yan experience in his early years?
a. poor
b. poor
c. poor.
d. poor

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did Mo Yan win the Nobel Prize in Literature?
a. In 1952.
b. In 1955.
c. By 1961, in 2012.
d. In 2012

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where was Barack Obama born?
a. In Hawaii.
b. In China.
c. At the University of Washington, Ohio and Kansas in Korea!
d. In South Korea

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did his father live in Wichiti, Kansas?
a. The writer Mo Yan lived in a big city before he got the prize.
b. The writer Mo Yan lived in a big city.
c. He was born from he family's farmland and his mother died of hunger at the age of 64,000.
d. The writer Mo Yan won the Nobel Prize for literature by himself

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of news did Mo Yan win in 2012?
a. news
b. news
c. science.
d. science

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did I travel to London?
a. By coach.
b. By bus.
c. On foot, by bike and by train."
d. By car

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did my friend go to Camden Market?
a. Because his friends stayed in bed late.
b. Because he wanted to buy some jewelry.
c. Because he wanted to go shopping in Oxford Street, too!
d. Because he wanted to see all the famous sites there

Correct Options is a.
Question: What game did the first time I went to London?
a. When they played football in Hyde Park.
b. When they went shopping in Oxford Street.
c. After the game of football at home, and then when I got up early to go there for a walk on foot that evening!
d. When they went to see all the famous sites--Big Ben

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did I go to London?
a. Because he went there for the first time.
b. Because he was very excited.
c. Because he wanted to go there for the first time in summer holidays, and it was his first time away from home at that moment!
d. Because he had been back to London several times since then

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of a visit in Harper Hot Springs?
a. to tell visitors what not to do
b. to ask visitors what to do
c. not to put their head under the hot water.
d. to let visitors know how to run around

Correct Options is a.
Question: Do not smoke or drink anything in the area?
a. sit in the sun for long in the area
b. put your head under the hot water
c. run around because it may be bad for your eyes.
d. bring anything made of glass into the area

Correct Options is a.
Question: Do not smoke or drink anything in the area?
a. How long visitors can stay in the area
b. How many people can eat
c. What kind of food visitors should drink in the area.
d. How many people can eat and drink

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of visitors will be able to enjoy the visit?
a. visitors
b. children
c. workers.
d. workers

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many types of sports are there?
a. two
b. one
c. three.
d. five

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a team that can be played in individual sports?
a. team B wins
b. team A wins
c. team B gets points.
d. team A wins

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of sports are called?
a. Team
b. Basketball
c. Tennis.
d. Tennis

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a sport that can be finished alone?
a. The high jump
b. The swimming
c. The skiing.
d. The running

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do team sports have?
a. need two teams to play against each other
b. need two teams to play against each other
c. need two teams for each team.
d. need two teams in the same way

Correct Options is a.
Question: On what floor does Kate live?
a. third
b. first
c. second.
d. second

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where is a bookstore located?
a. Across from the bank
b. On Blue Street
c. In the street.
d. Near the post office

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Bob'Sanity?
a. Kate's classmate.
b. Kate's friend.
c. Mrs Green and her son, in the same class as Bob."
d. The policeman at the bookstore

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where does Kate live?
a. In a bookstore.
b. In a post office.
c. On Blue Street, there is a bank in it and the police station are very friendly to people at home!
d. In sanity community

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Sunny Community?
a. Kate's community.
b. The post office.
c. The bank,the bookstore and the library in it are very friendly to people there at present!
d. The police station is in the same class as Mrs Green's

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do London taxi drivers work?
a. they make a living by driving
b. they make money by driving
c. they make a living in the street.
d. they make money through the streets

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do London taxi drivers pay?
a. They pay for some poor children's rides for a day's tour each summer.
b. They pay for the poor children's rides every summer.
c. They pay for the poor children to go home again by taxi each summer in London, at the sea and visiting the market there all year round!
d. They pay for the busiest car on the road along a highway

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of work is a London taxi driver?
a. Hard-working and kind
b. Hard-working and kind
c. Hard-working but hard working.
d. Hard-working

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the reasons for a London taxi driver's job?
a. a website about the taxi drivers in London
b. a good knowledge of the city.
c. an advertisement for the taxi drivers in London."
d. some food on the street

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many days a week can Canadians rest in Canada?
a. Three.
b. Two.
c. Four, and four to five for a week in Canada!
d. Five

Correct Options is a.
Question: What countries are flexible in people's holidays?
a. America and Canada.
b. Canada and France.
c. America,Canada or France in the USA of Canada at present!
d. Canada and France

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the sport that can be found in Canada?
a. Go skating.
b. Go fishing.
c. Go boating and mountain climbing!
d. Go to the beach for a sunny winter holiday

Correct Options is a.
Question: What country has a 6-week holiday every year?
a. France.
b. America.
c. Canada and France, all of them work less than 40 hours a week in the year 2007.
d. The US

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are important parts of people' life?
a. Holidays in different countries
b. Holidays in different countries
c. Holiday activities for holidays.
d. Holidays on the beach

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do the crows live on old bad food?
a. They like to eat dirty food.
b. They like to eat dirty food.
c. They like to eat waste foods in the streets of America and Canada, too!
d. They like to eat dirty food on the streets

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why are the dirty birds?
a. They eat a lot of waste food.
b. They are very hungry.
c. They are very friendly to us and we don't know them well at all!
d. They live on old bad food in the streets

Correct Options is a.
Question: What sounds do crows hear from?
a. whether they are pleased or hungry
b. whether they are friendly
c. when crows die.
d. how they live together

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does air mean?
a. there is air everywhere
b. there is air
c. there is air everywhere.
d. there is air

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where do we live?
a. the earth is covered with air
b. the earth is covered with air
c. the earth has a lot of air.
d. the earth is covered by air

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is all around us?
a. Air
b. Food
c. Water.
d. Air

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a cat that breathes faster than usual?
a. A cat
b. A cat
c. A dog.
d. A dog

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason we need more air when working or running?
a. runs fast
b. breathes in air
c. breathed faster.
d. breathes fast

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the company that makes hair shine?
a. It uses hair to make jewels.
b. It is a company that makes hair shine.
c. It has a long hair and a long hair, which is 0.5 to 1 carat in size for the first time now!
d. It uses hair to make people look beautiful

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do Beethoven's hair help make three diamonds?
a. To show the latest technology.
b. To make hair shine.
c. to make hair look beautiful and beautiful.
d. To give the family respect for those who died

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long will Beethoven's hair take to make three diamond?
a. Seven months.
b. Five months.
c. Seven months and a half weeks, to make three diamonds in the end of 2017.
d. Six months

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is PM2.5?
a. the government will try its best to solve the air pollution problem
b. the air pollution problem is caused by smog
c. the air pollution problem has become a care for China.
d. the government will cut down on energy use

Correct Options is a.
Question: What country is Li Ming?
a. China
b. China
c. Japan.
d. China

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some of the boys like in their class?
a. football
b. volleyball
c. basketball.
d. tennis

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of racket does each Chinese boy have?
a. tennis and volleyball
b. football and basketball
c. volleyball, tennis.
d. volleyball

Correct Options is a.
Question: Which Chinese boy is on school football team?
a. Wu Jun
b. Li Ming
c. Zhang Hong.
d. Han Mei

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of basketball is each Chinese boy?
a. tennis racket
b. volleyball
c. football.
d. basketball

Correct Options is a.
Question: What country is Tony?
a. America
b. America
c. China.
d. China

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is Tony?
a. his father and mother
b. his father
c. his mother and son.
d. his brother

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of my American boy?
a. Tony's new school.
b. Tony's new school.
c. Tony and his parents in China now, to study there at home."
d. Yingcai Middle School

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for no Housework Day?
a. not to do any housework any more
b. to do anything
c. not to do any housework.
d. to have a break from the housework

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the only way you can celebrate No House Work Day?
a. do housework
b. do housework
c. have a break from the house.
d. have a break

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of day that you can forget to do house work and be relaxed?
a. It's about No Housework Day.
b. It's about No Housework Day.
c. It's about No Housework day and it's on April 7th, 2013.
d. It's about the house work

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where did Tom work?
a. on the farm
b. in the town market
c. on a farm.
d. at home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What color was the bull that Tom saw for sale?
a. a white and yellow bull
b. a black bull
c. he was a farmer.
d. the snake

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Tom and Amba do from the start to when they both had a close relationship?
a. got on well with each other
b. walked up and touched its head
c. kept pushing it with its head.
d. hit the snake's head heavily

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the bull do to help him?
a. Tom's friends thought animals were safe.
b. Tom bought it at once.
c. Tom was a farmer and sold fruit for him to sell vegetables in the town market,very soon after they saw it on sale with its head alone!
d. Tom was very happy when the snake died of poisonous animals

Correct Options is a.
Question: What expression of affection did people feel was a sign of for Tom?
a. the love between humans and animals
b. the love between humans and animals
c. the friendship with a bull.
d. the relationship between humans

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did a famous teacher speak to students?
a. in the morning
b. in the afternoon
c. at noon.
d. on Friday

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many students did he say to?
a. Over 300.
b. Over 300.
c. About 100, and over 200,000.
d. About 300

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the student that he held up?
a. He made the bill dirty.
b. He was a famous teacher.
c. He was a famous student in the lecture hall, and then dropped it on his floor to drop them down at once."
d. He made the bill into a ball with his hands back again

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do people feel like when they drop their value?
a. we must know who we are
b. we must know who we are
c. we must know what we are.
d. we must know who we are

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Tom, Bill and Dave lose?
a. backpacks
b. pencils
c. books.
d. books

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a backpack that Tom, Bill and Dave lost?
a. pencil case
b. pencil
c. eraser.
d. Chinese book

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Tom's backpack?
a. a pencil case
b. a math book
c. an eraser.
d. two CDs

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many pencils are in my backpack?
a. Three pencils
b. Two pencils
c. Three notebook.
d. Two CDs

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who lost their backpacks?
a. Tom
b. Bill
c. Dave.
d. Bill

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the doctor believe he could do to get his baby?
a. had no outer ears
b. had no ears
c. had no ears.
d. had no ears

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did his father do when he married?
a. the boy began to live a new life
b. the boy was a freak
c. the boy was a doctor.
d. the boy was a good boy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the father say about his son?
a. Because she wanted to keep the fact a secret
b. Because she wanted to make a secret
c. because she wanted to give the doctor some money.
d. Because she wanted to help his mother

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did he do to help him?
a. The boy didn't know the truth   until his mother died.
b. He grafted on his ears.
c. The boy's mother was very beautiful and beautiful at first sight, but he didn't know it yet."
d. He raised the thick, brown hair for his mother

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the relationship between a father and his mother?
a. Great Love
b. Great love
c. Great love.
d. Good luck

Correct Options is a.
Question: What country is the Beihai Park woman from?
a. an American
b. a Chinese
c. a Chinese.
d. Angry

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the girl who goes to Beihai Park with?
a. daughter
b. girl
c. boy.
d. girl

Correct Options is a.
Question: How old is the daughter of a young woman?
a. six
b. three
c. five.
d. six

Correct Options is a.
Question: What color is the hair of a young woman?
a. golden yellow
b. blue
c. yellow.
d. black

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who helps the woman find her daughter?
a. Policemen
b. The policeman
c. The woman's parents.
d. The girl

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Jack do when he works in his factory?
a. he is able enough to help the boss
b. he is able to control himself
c. he is able enough for the boss.
d. he is able to help the boss

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Jack do when his wife tells him to drink?
a. he doesn't stop drinking
b. he doesn't listen to her
c. he doesn'T listen.
d. he doesn' T listen to her

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Jack do when he drinks?
a. the policeman will drink with him
b. he breaks the glasses and tables
c. he breaks the tables.
d. his wife calls him

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do people who win lots of cash follow?
a. these new friends want the lottery winner to give them some money
b. they want to make more friends
c. they want to buy themselves things.
d. they want to leave their jobs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some big lottery winners believe is the result?
a. think winning a lot of money has made them more intelligent and more attractive
b. think winning a lot of money has made them more intelligent and more attractive
c. think winning fewer people will make them more intelligent.
d. think winning a lot of money has made them less attractive

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do lottery winners think is the best thing about their new money?
a. they feel they should be with a younger or more beautiful man or woman.
b. They have to work longer.
c. They have to change everything when they buy a ticket for the lottery tickets and get a lot of money from them, or you can't do it with their new money!
d. They don'd like to make more friends than they did in the past

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some big lottery winners make even bigger changes?
a. All the big lottery winners want to end their marriages.
b. They want to make more friends.
c. They want to be smarter and more attractive than others in the future, or even a younger man oder woman at present!
d. They want to have fewer friends but they don't want to work longer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Allison think she wanted to do when she graduated from Harvard?
a. She was not sure what to do.
b. She was not interested in the movie.
c. She was able to increase her income by teaching students at university and college level, but she didn't know what to do now or then?
d. She was afraid that she would never find anything out

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the person who sat in her consulting career?
a. Satisfied.
b. Angry.
c. Disappointed and worried!
d. Worried

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did people feel I was going to be successful before school?
a. he could not speak well
b. he could not learn to read
c. he couldn't speak well.
d. he was too young

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the third graders do?
a. went to a new school
b. went to a new school
c. went to supper.
d. went to a new school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mrs.Wachfield do to help students who have difficulty in their lives?
a. is a very successful teacher now
b. is a good teacher now
c. is able to speak well.
d. is unable to learn to read

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where was a mail coach standing on the street?
a. in England
b. in England
c. at the village of London.
d. near a village

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did a gentleman tell her to do this?
a. she had already known what was written in the letter
b. she had already received the letter
c. she had been to London for a long time.
d. she had never received the letter

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a gentleman say about the letter?
a. Tom had told her what the signs meant before leaving
b. The letter was from the mail coach
c. Tom had told her how to pay for the letter.
d. The letter was from a girl of 18

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who was the mail coach in England?
a. Sir Rowland Hill
b. Alice Brown
c. The mailman's friend.
d. The receiver

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did a mail coach come up with the letter?
a. people try their best to avoid  paying it
b. the letter was from a girl of 18
c. the letter was from a friend to the mailman.
d. the letter was from a school in England

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did you ever complain about?
a. life is tiring
b. life is not successful
c. life is hard to do.
d. life is difficult

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one thing that can happen to you when it comes to school?
a. the teacher will be happy if the students do the good jobs
b. the teacher will be happy if the students do the good jobs
c. the teacher will be sad when the students do the bad job.
d. the teacher will be angry with the students' schooling

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happens with timely rain?
a. crops in the fields will grow better
b. it will be fine
c. the weather is not good.
d. it will be too late to go out

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the word that says "Failed is the mother of success"?
a. All of the avbove .
b. The avbove.
c. The avbove and the avbove, but not the mother of success?
d. The avbove or the avbove

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do you find when you see the world with your warm heart?
a. Smile and the World Smiles to You
b. Smile and the World
c. Smile to You or Yourself.
d. Smile, the World's Word

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do you learn English?
a. can't use it
b. can't speak it
c. can' t write anything.
d. can'

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good way to learn English?
a. gets into the river
b. swims
c. plays football.
d. listens to your teacher

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a football player that you must do to be an English teacher?
a. play football
b. swim
c. write to your classmates.
d. play football

Correct Options is a.
Question: How can you learn English?
a. we learn English by using it
b. we learn English by listening to it
c. we learn English in class.
d. we learn English with it

Correct Options is a.
Question: What two languages are in English?
a. A, B, and C
b. Both languages
c. Two language.
d. Three languages

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do the girls go to school every day?
a. By taxi
b. By bus
c. On foot.
d. By bike

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do the girls say about their taxis?
a. They don't want to take a test.
b. They don't want to go there.
c. They don' t want to go by taxi at all!
d. They don' have to take a test

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the girls say about their taxi?
a. Their taxi has a flat tire.
b. They have a flat tire.
c. Their taxi has a flat tire, and they don't know what to do with their taxis?
d. They have no money for their taxi

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do the girls say that their taxi has flat tires?
a. No, they can't. Because they may give a different answer.
b. Yes, they can.
c. No, they can't! Because they don' a lot of money to pay for the taxi driver?
d. No, they can'

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of person does the teacher say about a taxi?
a. The teacher is very clever.
b. The teacher is very clever.
c. The teacher is very kind to the girls and the teachers' friends!
d. The teacher is not good at telling the students how to get to school late

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is the most honest person on Honesty Day?
a. nurses
b. salespeople
c. politicians.
d. sales people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of a day on Honesty Day?
a. encourage honesty
b. give up lying
c. make money.
d. tell lies

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did M. Hirsh Goldberg start Honesty Day?
a. April 30th
b. April 30th
c. May 25th.
d. April 20th

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the mother and their young boy get into a bus in New York City?
a. with her son
b. with her son
c. on buses and trains.
d. at home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the conductor who gave her one and a half tickets to Central Park?
a. not honest
b. not good
c. stupid.
d. foolish

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the reason for my first volunteer program in West Virginia?
a. Because the trailer could no longer be repaired.
b. Because the family was living in a trailer.
c. Because the families were living in fewer parking spaces than before, and they couldn't afford to help them with their work at all!
d. Because the parents were not interested in the new house for the poor people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a few adults buy on Thursday night?
a. The family were excited about the beds and bedding.
b. The truck was coming.
c. The truck came to the city of West Virginia and bought new beds for them on Thursday night!
d. The truck was coming in front of the family

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the family that helped build a new house?
a. The Pillow
b. The Truck
c. The Children's Room.
d. The Boys

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did students in Linyi wear?
a. a special fashion show
b. a special straw coat
c. shirts and discs.
d. a special clothes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of clothes were students in Linyi made from?
a. all kinds of things
b. discs
c. old clothes.
d. cotton

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Du Yue have all over her?
a. cloth
b. straw
c. hat.
d. straw

Correct Options is a.
Question: What were the names of the students in Linyi?
a. A, B and C
b. They were artists
c. Their clothes and their friends.
d. They were artists

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Lynna say about her visit to Saudi Arabia?
a. Lynne paid only for herself
b. She was very happy
c. She was very friendly to her friends.
d. She was very kind and helpful

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do you need when visiting a foreign country?
a. We have to learn both their language and culture.
b. We have to pay for the check.
c. We have to pay a check or two at the restaurant in Saudi Arabia and it is very delicious there!
d. We have to learn both their language but culture

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does David eat at school?
a. vegetables
b. bread
c. eggs.
d. rice

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many hours does David have in the evening?
a. 8
b. 7
c. 8
d. 6

Correct Options is a.
Question: What game does David play after school?
a. basketball
b. basketball
c. volleyball.
d. football

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does he do to be healthy?
a. David plays sports every day.
b. He drinks it every day.
c. David plays basketball in the morning and at school, there is a lot of food for him to drink all his meals on Sundays!
d. David doesn't have food after lunch

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the event that can be seen on CCTV?
a. Introducing types of programs in the Spring Festival Gala.
b. Bringing family members together.
c. Sharing your opinions about the programs and artists with your friends in this interactive way, too!
d. Telling people what you're satisfied with or what you complain about

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason people watch the gala?
a. several ways for audience to discover the fun of the Spring Festival Gala
b. the winter holiday season is complete without the CCTV
c. the Spring Festival Gala has become a common way for families to get together.
d. the spring festival is not so popular with young people as it is in the past

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the school that collects and uses exercise books?
a. Collect and sell them
b. Buy them
c. Buy it.
d. Buy them

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the money made from selling the paper to schools in Inner Mongolia?
a. Planting trees and grass
b. Putting the paper in the big box
c. Making exercise books.
d. Taking part in the "green promise"

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many blind men were in the story of a man?
a. six
b. three
c. five.
d. six

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the last person who felt an elephant's trunk like a snake?
a. tall
b. tall
c. strong.
d. short

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one reason that a person disagrees with the idea of an elephant?
a. People's different experience.
b. People's own experience.
c. People' s different opinions about it and its appearance, too!
d. People's unique experience

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did the blind man feel about an elephant's trunk?
a. never decide anything with one side
b. never think about it
c. always say something with one side.
d. never think of it

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is happy for everyone?
a. all people
b. all people
c. everyone.
d. everyone

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is happiness?
a. All of the above.
b. Money.
c. Money and money, too!
d. Money is the same as happiness

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between happiness and money?
a. money doesn't always bring happiness
b. money is always around you
c. money doesn't bring happiness.
d. money is always around you

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many hours of training does kitesurfing cost?
a. 30
b. 82,500
c. 220.
d. 850

Correct Options is a.
Question: What power does kitesurfing use to pull a rider on the water at high speed?
a. Wind
b. Wind
c. Water.
d. Wind

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for kitesurfing becoming more popular?
a. its equipment progress makes it easier and safer
b. it is a very fun and dangerous sport
c. it can be able to learn.
d. it has been popular for a long time

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is becoming more and more safer?
a. the development of kitesurfing
b. the development of kiteboarding
c. the training lessons for kitesurfing.
d. the growing popularity of kitesurfering

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did Walt Disney make a cartoon mouse?
a. in the film
b. in the film
c. at home.
d. on TV

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did children like to see their lovely friend?
a. it makes them happy
b. it makes them happy
c. it makes them happy.
d. it makes them happy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did people think Mickey was doing?
a. a fool that often does something wrong
b. a good friend of both young people and oldpeople
c. he made fewer animals than other dogs.
d. if he made a new animal called Donald Duck

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did people write to Disney and say they didn't want the wrong thing?
a. Because there were some things that Mickey could not do
b. Because they were very angry
c. Because they were very angry.
d. Because they were very angry

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many celebrities have taken the ice bucket challenge?
a. growing
b. a lot
c. a lot of people.
d. many

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did Bush post a video on his Facebook page?
a. Wednesday
b. Wednesday
c. Tuesday.
d. Wednesday

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who did Bush challenge to take the ice bucket challenge?
a. His daughter
b. His predecessor
c. Bill Clinton's friend.
d. His friend

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who did Bush challenge to the ALS Challenge?
a. Bill Clinton is Bush's friend
b. Jenna Bush Hager
c. Laura is Bush's friend.
d. Bill Clinton is his mother

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a campaign that challenges people to dump ice water over their heads?
a. Bush Took Ice Bucket Challenge
b. Bush To Make a Check
c. Bush to Make Friends with his daughter.
d. Bush To Make Money for Lou Gehrig's Disease

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do Egyptians usually start the day with?
a. a drink
b. a meal
c. a sandwich and leftovers.
d. a meal

Correct Options is a.
Question: What country has its own traditions on what people eat?
a. Brazil.
b. Egypt.
c. France and America,
d. France

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is hard to see?
a. Eating habits.
b. Food.
c. Food and food in the world, too!
d. Food is a major part of every culture

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the movie that shows Chinese history?
a. I can see two films and buy some tapes.
b. I can see two films and buy some tapes.
c. I can see two movies but buy some tapes in the museum theatre, there are 12,000 pictures on show here!
d. I can see two film at the Museum Theatre if you want to watch one

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where is Rose Hall located?
a. In the City College.
b. In the Museum Theatre.
c. At Central Park, in a park on Saturday afternoon and Sunday evenings at 8 am to 5 pm for free!
d. In the Music Shop'S Sale

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the popular rock group from Australia?
a. It's an Australian music group.
b. It's a Chinese music group.
c. It'll give their first US concert on Saturday night, at 8 in the shop and ends this week!
d. It's mainly about the Chinese history of Australia

Correct Options is a.
Question: When does Central Park have its first European movie?
a. Saturday
b. Monday
c. Friday.
d. Tuesday

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the people that are tired of eating same food every day?
a. People can eat different kinds of food in Central Park.
b. People can eat different kinds of food in Central Park.
c. People can eat different kinds of food at the Museum Theatre on Saturday afternoon and enjoy food from all over the world!
d. People can eat different kinds of food with different kinds of food

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a doctor who works in Beijing?
a. A doctor.
b. A teacher.
c. A designer, and a designer in Beijing's room."
d. A doctor who works at a middle school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What color does Jennifer like?
a. Pink.
b. Blue.
c. Red and yellow,
d. Red

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the family that works in Beijing?
a. Jennifer's parents are from Beijing.
b. Jennifer's parents are from Africa.
c. Jennifer is a teacher and her mother works in phd hospital, at least for the first time now."
d. Jennifer' father is from China

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where did a rich man find him sitting?
a. the park
b. the hotel
c. the park bench.
d. the restaurant

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a poor person do every morning?
a. looked at the rich man's hotel
b. slept on the bench
c. sat in the park benches.
d. slept at the rich man'

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the rich man dream one day of?
a. sleeping in that hotel
b. a cold bench
c. a good sleep in that hotel.
d. a bad night

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the rich man say to him about his hotel?
a. he couldn't get any sleep at all there
b. he was a failure
c. he had no money and no family.
d. he wanted to sleep in the hotel

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Tony's name?
a. dropped
b. a member of an anti-tobacco group
c. a member from the anti-tobacco groups.
d. a member in an anti-tabac group

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does it help to do?
a. pay for anti-smoking programs
b. fight tobacco companies
c. fight against the tobacco industry.
d. set smoke-free areas in public places

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Tony want to do?
a. Offering money to help people stop smoking.
b. Getting money to fight against tobacco companies.
c. Setting smoke-free areas in public places is good for smokers, too!
d. Keeping kids smoking and keeping healthy

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do you want to be a good volleyball player?
a. Because she can't join the class volleyball team.
b. Because she is too fat.
c. Because she can't go running with Mary every morning!
d. Because she can play volleyball well

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is Mary the best volleyball player in our class?
a. Jane's classmate.
b. Allan Green.
c. Mr Green's friend, and his teacher!
d. Allan Green

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do you need to be slim?
a. go running every day
b. play volleyball
c. play basketball.
d. play football

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do you play volleyball well?
a. Jane's PE teacher doesn't like fat girls.
b. Jane's PE teacher likes to play volleyball.
c. Jane'S PE teacher likes to play basketball well, but she doesn't like to be a good volleyball player in class!
d. Jane' S PE teacher isn'Two

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Detective Wolf do to help Miss Fox?
a. To protect a woman and her things.
b. To find a woman in the toilet.
c. to get into the police car and take her home for help, too!
d. To make sure there was nobody else inside it

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the police say was wrong?
a. Some thieves would steal Miss Fox's diamonds.
b. The thieves would steal Miss Fox's diamond.
c. The thieves would steal Miss Fox and her diamonds from Africa, too!
d. The thieves would steal Miss Fox's diamonds in the airport

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Detective Wolf see when Miss Fox was found in the toilet?
a. A left-handed woman.
b. A woman.
c. A man in the bathroom and a woman on the plane's way to work, at night."
d. A woman who was left-handed

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to Miss Fox's behavior?
a. They were taken away by the criminal.
b. They were left-handed.
c. They were robbed of the diamonds in the bathroom and then went to the hotel for help, too!
d. They were found by the policemen on the plane

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to Miss Fox?
a. The criminal was found in the toilet on the plane.
b. The criminal was left-handed.
c. The criminal was left-handed on the plane in a bathroom and found it there were only stones inside its bag of diamonds at that time, they got out to see him again soon after she arrived from the airport for her home alone."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my dad ask me to do for dinner?
a. To buy some food
b. To buy some food
c. To ride a bike.
d. To go to the shop

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the woman in a white dress do?
a. Someone was following him
b. She was riding a bike
c. He was riding the motorcycle.
d. He was riding a bike

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who did the woman stop in front of me saying?
a. Ken's mother
b. Ken
c. Ken's mother.
d. Ken

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who said he wanted to sing the song?
a. someone
b. a bartender
c. he was tired of playing the piano.
d. The man

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did he become one of best-known entertainers in America?
a. Because the customer was tired of listening to the music.
b. Because he was a no-name piano player.
c. Because the bartender was very busy with his music and singing well in public at that time, so he didn'T know what to do now!
d. Because he had never sung before

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the person who played piano in bar?
a. For he could make a living.
b. For he could be a good pianist.
c. To be able to sing in public for the first time, and then become famous by himself."
d. Because he was a no-name piano player

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did a man play the piano in?
a. Because he had to sing.
b. Because he was a no-name player.
c. Because he was a bartender's friend and he was a good pianist in the bar of America, at that time they were very busy with him to play it on his own!

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who did the boy ask for to bring a doll?
a. His sister.
b. His mother.
c. His mother and son's friends, too! .
d. His father

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to his sister?
a. His sister died in a car accident.
b. His sister was killed in a car accident.
c. He died of serious injuries to his mother and her mother's health, too!
d. His sister died from a serious illness

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of person did the boy see holding a lovely doll?
a. Kind.
b. Kind.
c. Kind-hearted, and kind of person!
d. Kindly minded

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the little boy get to get?
a. A special gift
b. A beautiful doll
c. A lovely doll.
d. A good gift

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the problem with Lin Yijian?
a. He did not so well as before in math.
b. He didn't get enough marks.
c. He didn' <unk>t know what happened in last semester."
d. He didn' not have any setbacks during the last semester

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many points did Lin get on his math tests?
a. After some hard work, he now gets marks over 110 points.
b. He now gets scores between 100 and 110 points.
c. His math score was 120 point during last semester's final exams, his math score was only 90 Punkte in the test of Xiamen

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Chen Xingzhu do?
a. He is also not good at sit-ups.
b. He is not good at math.
c. He isn't good in math tests, but he is not well-prepared for the exam itself."
d. He is also bad at doing sit-ups and is too tired to do it

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Kim's bedroom?
a. sisters
b. schoolbag
c. computer.
d. baseball

Correct Options is a.
Question: What color is Kate's schoolbag?
a. red
b. yellow
c. blue.
d. green

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the green bed of Kate?
a. Kim's
b. Lily's
c. Lily.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is on the table of Kim's bedroom?
a. A computer and an alarm clock.
b. A baseball.
c. A computer and an alarm clock, too!
d. A baseball under the table

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where is a baseball on Kim's bed?
a. Under the table
b. On the chair
c. In a computer.
d. Under the chair

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my son do when they finished their last week of school?
a. to have a good rest
b. to have lunch with the class
c. To attend a class party.
d. to drive some of the students

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do you feel bored when you look at other peoples vacation pictures?
a. don't like looking at others' vacation pictures
b. don't like looking at others.
c. don' <unk>t like watching TV or listening to music!
d. don'

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the last week of school that my son finished?
a. the children's graduation
b. the party
c. the party.
d. the party

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of invitation is usually needed in Britain?
a. new friends
b. a drink
c. a party or just coffee.
d. a dinner

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the answer to an invitation in Britain?
a. No, we wouldn't!
b. Yes, we wouldn't.
c. No,we would! and yes to no one in the world?
d. No, we don'T

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the term for an invitation in Britain?
a. Let's go out for a meal one of these days.
b. You must come over for a drink.
c. You must come to your house with an invitation, or you can't go out there at any time in the daytime and night!
d. You must come over again when you have a talk

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the answer to an invitation in Britain?
a. OK, yes , thanks.
b. Yes, we wouldn't.
c. No, we would like to do so in the end!
d. No, we wouldn'T want to go out for dinner on Saturday

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are expressions that sound like invitations in Britain?
a. Invitation.
b. Answers.
c. Answering,Yes and I wouldn't."
d. Answer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can red help fight?
a. heart disease
b. cholesterol
c. blood disease.
d. heart disease

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the list below that shows what good colour in fruit and vegetables?
a. All the above.
b. Red.
c. Blue and red are good for our eyes, too!
d. Blue helps us keep a healthy memory as we grow old

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one thing that scientists have studied?
a. the importance of colourful fruit and vegetables
b. the good of colourful fruit and vegetables
c. how to keep healthy.
d. what colours are in fruit and vegetables

Correct Options is a.
Question: On what month is the Monkey Buffet Festival held?
a. November
b. November
c. October.
d. November

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do people think monkeys can do to them?
a. can bring good luck
b. can sing and dance
c. are good at running.
d. are good in jumping

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do young people always dress like?
a. Sing and dance.
b. Playing music.
c. Running and jumping, or dancing at home?
d. Playing games on the street

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of meat does the Monkey Buffet Festival have?
a. beef
b. fruit
c. vegetables.
d. flowers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the great day in Thailand?
a. The festival for monkeys
b. The Monkey Buffet Festival
c. The festival for monkeys.
d. The festival of the monkey buffet

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most effective way of doing?
a. sending prints by pigeon
b. sending prints by pigeon
c. carrying messages with messengers.
d. sending prints faster and cheaper

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most effective way to send messages?
a. seem out of place in the space age
b. are faster than the pigeons
c. are more expensive and slower.
d. are more expensive

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does pigeon do?
a. is something that works
b. is a computer
c. is a computer.
d. is able to carry messages

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is sent by telephone lines?
a. What the scientists input was sent to the computer.
b. What the scientists sent to the computer.
c. What the scientists sent back in Sunnyside, California a few kilometers away from it and then on again there is no telephone line at all!
d. What the scientists sent to the computer by phone

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the effect of pigeons on Lockheed?
a. do the work at low cost
b. do the work at a low cost
c. do the work with little money.
d. do the work in fewer hours

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between "To face the music" and "To Face the Music"?
a. do something that we don't like to
b. Do something that we don't like to
c. Face the music is not good for us.
d. Face the music is very important

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does it mean to be able to decide whether we will face music?
a. the exam is very important
b. we have to face the music
c. we have to do something.
d. we have to do something

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is well-known to every American, young or old?
a. Only the old in the US know the meaning of "to face the music"
b. It means that you have no choice.
c. It is at least 100 years old and it is not so terrible as the whole thing might be, because you have no choice to face the music or not."
d. It means that you have no choice but to face the music

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the goodman do when a tiger was in it?
a. he wanted the man to help him out of the cage
b. he wanted to let the dog out
c. a dog asked him for help.
d. he wanted to ask the man for help

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the good man say was wrong with the tiger?
a. to eat the man
b. to eat the dog
c. not to eat him.
d. to let the man out

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the good man say about a tiger?
a. agreed; humans were not kind
b. was kind; humans were not friendly
c. was kind and kind.
d. was kind but kind

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the bird say about a tiger?
a. people hunted and killed him
b. tiger was a good man
c. people were not interested in him.
d. the dog didn'T know what happened

Correct Options is a.
Question: When do Grade Seven students go to school?
a. in the morning
b. at noon
c. in the afternoon.
d. on Saturday

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do students of Grade Seven go to school early?
a. their teachers take them to the zoo
b. they go to the zoo
c. they have no classes.
d. they have a big lunch there

Correct Options is a.
Question: What grade class is in the zoof?
a. seven
b. seven
c. eight.
d. six

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where do students of Grade Seven go to?
a. in the zoo
b. in the zoo
c. at school.
d. on foot

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do students of Grade Seven want to do?
a. They must see tigers in the zoo.
b. They must go to school early.
c. They must have a big lunch there, too!
d. They must see many flowers in the zoo

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the most important activities of day?
a. TV bring the outside world closer to people.
b. Watching TV brings the outside world closer to people.
c. Watching TV bring the outside world closer with people's homes and houses, too!
d. Watching TV brings the outside world closer than before

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can people learn through reading or listening to the radio?
a. get a lot of information
b. learn a lot
c. learn a lot.
d. learn a lot

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do people like to be able to learn through TV?
a. people can not only hear but also watch
b. people can hear and watch
c. TV helps to open our minds.
d. TV helps to give us new ideas

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main benefit of TV?
a. it can help us to get our knowledge
b. it can help us to learn more
c. it can make us better and more easily.
d. it can give us new ideas

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the most important activities of day?
a. it's good to watch TV
b. it's good to watch TV
c. it's bad for people.
d. it's not important

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can music do to people?
a. influence our behavior
b. make us feel rich
c. make us feel rich.
d. make us feel rich

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does classical music make people feel?
a. a sign of being rich
b. a sign of being relaxed
c. if they are tired.
d. a sign of being active

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of music is great?
a. Folk music.
b. Rock music.
c. Light songs and jazz musicians,
d. Rock music

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does music help me learn better?
a. more active
b. more beautiful
c. more beautiful.
d. less money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can people do when a restaurant plays classical music?
a. music and behavior
b. music and music
c. music, food or drinks.
d. music

Correct Options is a.
Question: How often do you exercise?
a. Twice or three times a week .
b. Once or twice a week.
c. Three times a month, and once every day hinweg in the morning at night!
d. Four times a week

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many hours of sleep do you get a day?
a. Eight.
b. Three.
c. Eight and a half hours of sleep, all at once!
d. Six or eight

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for eating balanced diets?
a. We should eat a lot of meat to keep healthy.
b. We should eat a lot of vegetables to keep healthy.
c. We should eat a lot of fruit and vegetables, some grains but a little meat in our diets!
d. We should eat fewer fruits than vegetables

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are some ways that make it easy?
a. Ways to Have Health and Happines
b. Eat a balanced diet
c. Exercise twice or three times a week.
d. Eat fewer fruits and vegetables

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did John Hill write his dining table?
a. Because he didn't want the writer to check the bill carefully.
b. Because he wanted to make the writer happy.
c. Because he wanted to have a good rest on November 30th, 2011.
d. Because he wanted to get more wood for his job

Correct Options is a.
Question: How much did John Hill spend on his dining table?
a. $56. 50
b. $ 17:00
c. $8. 00
d. $26. 50

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did John Hill write out his bill?
a. he felt lucky to get the money for his work
b. he wanted to make more money
c. he wanted to make his wife happy.
d. he wanted to have a good rest

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of dining table did John Hill make for his wife?
a. Dishonest
b. Beautiful
c. Warm-hearted.
d. Relaxing

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did John Hill make a dining table?
a. He tried to get more money for his work.
b. He was a carpenter.
c. He was a carpenter and worked for his wife's house in the village of London, England on November 30th 2011.
d. He made a table with a large size to fill the space between the two windowes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to Kevin Stephan when he fell down?
a. Kevin's heart stopped
b. Penny died
c. Penny was hurt by a player.
d. Penny's mother stopped

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Kevin Stephan's age?
a. Her son was playing baseball.
b. Her son was playing baseball.
c. Her son was watching the game at home, and his heart stopped to stop it from hitting him with a bat in her mouth!
d. Her mother was watching the game when she was playing basketball

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Kevin Stephan's job?
a. He studied at school.
b. He was a firefighter.
c. He was helping Penny Brown in the restaurant, and saved Penny's life at the baseball game!
d. He was a volunteer firefightersman who helped Penny to save Penny

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Penny do to save Kevin's life?
a. God helps those who help others.
b. He helped the waitress.
c. His mother worked as a firefighter in his free time and saved him's life."
d. He helped the waitress to help her with food problems

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Ann give to her?
a. the writer gave her the Teddy Bear
b. the writer gave her a Teddy Bear
c. the writer bought her some money.
d. the writer gave her a gift

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Ann feel about her childhood?
a. the writer loved Aunt Reba deeply
b. the writer was very sad
c. the writer was very happy with Aunt Reba.
d. the writer was too busy to spend time

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Ann's name?
a. Best Friends
b. Aunt Reba
c. The Teddy Bear.
d. The Girl

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happens when he goes out of school?
a. He makes her mother fall to the floor.
b. He plays games on the computer.
c. He slaps her mother to the floor and goes out of school for dinner, lunch or dinner at home in his spare time!
d. He makes her mother sleep when she is sleeping

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does he do when his mother falls to the floor?
a. He plays games on the computer.
b. He goes out of school.
c. He goes to the gym every day and night, but he doesn't listen loudly at all!
d. He plays games on the computer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does he do when his mother falls to the floor?
a. he plays the games again
b. he goes out of school
c. he goes to the gym.
d. he goes home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does his mother do when he is 19?
a. Her son makes her sad
b. She goes to school
c. Her son plays games. His son is a bad boy and doesn't care about her food at all!
d. Her son goes out of school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of a man that had been in his garden?
a. An orange tree
b. A watermelon
c. A king.
d. An orange

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did old man find on his tree?
a. He found one of the oranges was as big as a watermelon.
b. He found one of the oranges was as big.
c. He found one of the oranges had a very large tree in his garden, and it was as big as he liked to find some fine orange trees on the tree that day!

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who gave the old man money for oranges?
a. The king,
b. The king.
c. The rich man, and the king's friends!
d. The old man

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the old man think of an orange?
a. He thought the king would give him much money if he gave the king his gold cup.
b. He thought the king would give him much money.
c. He thought the orange was too big to buy it for his garden and watermelons, but he didn't like it any more than an orange in its trunk or tree at all!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the old man who had an orange tree in his garden?
a. No, he wasn't.
b. Yes, he was.
c. No, he wasn't there at all!
d. No, he wasn'T

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did Zeng Guofan die?
a. In 1811.
b. In 1872.
c. At the beginning of Daoguang Period, in Qing Dynasty and 1644-1912).
d. In 1912.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Zengo say about his children?
a. Zeng Guofan was very busy and spent most of his time away from his family.
b. Zeng Guofan was a famous official during the late Daoguang Period of the Qing Dynasty.
c. He thought doing housework would make his children more confident and independent

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Zeng Guofan believe the purpose of education was?
a. learn wisdom from books
b. get more knowledge about nature and life
c. get an official position in Hunan TV's new program.
d. get more knowledge of nature

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Hunan TV show?
a. Fathers Influence Their Children's Growing-up
b. The New Program, Where Are We Going
c. The New Programm of Hunan TV shows.
d. The New Show - The Old School

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are some women talking about?
a. The problems of getting old .
b. The problems of getting old.
c. The problem of getting old,?'."
d. The same problem as the other women

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do some women say about getting old?
a. They always forget easily.
b. They always stand in front of the bag.
c. They always stand on the stairs and get it out to make bread."
d. They always stand on the stairs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the second question that some women are talking about?
a. The third woman doesn't know she has the same problem as (........) the other two women.
b. The second woman doesn't know she has the same problem as (........)the other women.
c. The third woman doesn' t know she has the same problem with her husband and wife, but they don'T have that problem at all!
d. The last woman doesn'

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who says, "Yes, I have the same problem?"
a. The third woman.
b. The last woman.
c. The other women's friend, and the second woman."
d. The first woman

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is 18 years old Canada?
a. Emily and An Qi.
b. Joe Miller.
c. Joe and Hope Project,entrepreneur of the world's school system in Canada!
d. Joe Miller and Hope project

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a great way to do things like drawing cartoons?
a. Reading.
b. Reading.
c. Writing and spending time with children,
d. Drawing books

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who do people around trust?
a. people around trust her
b. people around her
c. people round her friends'.
d. people around her

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the reason I love reading?
a. doesn't like to follow others
b. likes to write
c. likes reading books and magazines.
d. likes to do things my own way

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Emily Urich love her kids?
a. Because she loves children very much.
b. Because she likes reading.
c. Because she wants to become a country school teacher in Canada and America, too!
d. Because she has many hobbies such as traveling

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of an active mind?
a. have a good sleep
b. have a good memory
c. have fewer friends.
d. have a long walk

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of an active mind?
a. become a member of a social group
b. have a hobby
c. have fewer hobbies.
d. have a good habit of exercising

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is an active body?
a. To join a social group helps you have a healthy mind.
b. To have a good rest.
c. To have fewer friends for lunch and dinner every day, you can get enough sleep in the morning!
d. To make something with your hands helps you to relax

Correct Options is a.
Question: What may seem difficult?
a. people who want to improve health
b. people who want to get enough sleep
c. people with a good memory and learning.
d. people who have no friends for eat breakfast

Correct Options is a.
Question: What may seem difficult for people?
a. Ways to Improve Your Health
b. Eating Breakfast Every Morning
c. Eating a meal every morning.
d. Meeting friends for supper

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Cindy's nationality?
a. American
b. American
c. American.
d. Japanese

Correct Options is a.
Question: How old is Kate?
a. 12 years old
b. 13 years old
c. 12 years old.
d. 13 years old

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Kate dislike documentaries?
a. likes blue pants very much
b. likes blue pants.
c. likes yellow and orange at school, but she doesn't play the guitar in class."
d. likes yellow and orange

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of movie does Kate like?
a. movies
b. movies
c. films.
d. books

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is a doctor?
a. Kate's father
b. Kate's mother
c. Cindy.
d. Kate

Correct Options is a.
Question: What color is the pencil box?
a. orange
b. red
c. blue.
d. white

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where is my math book?
a. in the drawer
b. under the sofa
c. on a desk.
d. in the desk

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a pencil box?
a. A pen and an eraser are
b. A ruler and an eraser are
c. An eraser is.
d. A pencil box is on the desk

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where is my math book?
a. under the sofa
b. in the drawer
c. on a desk.
d. under the desk

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the book that was written in a math book?
a. Sorry, I don't know.
b. It's in the drawer.
c. It's under the sofa, it's on a desk and there is an eraser!
d. It'll be on the desk

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of activity did the Chinese couple force their 4-year old son to run naked?
a. exercise
b. exercise
c. sports.
d. sport

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the parenting styles that Chinese parents follow?
a. the ways eagles train their babies
b. the way eagles fly
c. the ways eagles fly by themselves.
d. the methods to teach their children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do parents want their child to do?
a. choose proper ways to educate children
b. keep strong
c. learn to fly by themselves.
d. be careful about the weather

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the author say was not wrong with their child?
a. The writer didn't agree "eagle dad's" educating method.
b. The writer didn't agree with the author.
c. The writer didn' remarried about their son in New York, too!
d. The writer didn'd like to say "eagle dad" or "tiger moms".

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of music do I can't sing?
a. act in movies
b. play music
c. dance in a club.
d. play sports

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of person can I be in?
a. musician
b. writer
c. writer.
d. singer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of club do you think I can be in?
a. The music club.
b. The music club.
c. The football clubs, and the football team.
d. The sports club

Correct Options is a.
Question: I donT believe that you are an accomplished writer?
a. He doesn't think he can be famous and successful in sports.
b. He doesn't like sports.
c. He doesn' he can be a famous musician in the music club, but he can do many other things and write stories to him."
d. He doesn think he can be able to play three games

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of robots?
a. depends on batteries to work
b. is to make batteries
c. can't work in dark places.
d. can be used as food

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of robots are supposed to run on batteries?
a. is a kind of insect
b. is a kind of fish
c. is flies.
d. is a kind of fish

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of a small robot?
a. Robots that can get energy for themselves.
b. Robots that can hunt for food.
c. Robots that can run on batteries and AA battery, too!
d. Robots that can use electricity to hunt garden slugs

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the new robot that could run for 12 days on a diet?
a. Ecobot II can turn its flies into energy completely.
b. Ecobot III can deal with the leftover waste.
c. Ecobot II can have a better digestion system in restrooms and bathrooms, too!
d. Ecobot III can be used to hunt slugs for dinner

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of the new Ecobot III robot?
a. Scientists are working to improve robots.
b. It can be used in the restrooms.
c. It can't deal with leftover waste at all, too!
d. It can run for 12 days on a diet of eight flies

Correct Options is a.
Question: What newspaper did Ken read one morning?
a. newspaper
b. newspaper
c. magazine.
d. news

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Ken's friend who sat in front row?
a. Amazed.
b. Angry.
c. Disappointed and surprised by the readings of his book, Anthony's friend was up to it!
d. Angry but happy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Ken's childhood relationship?
a. Childhood friends
b. Friendship
c. Friends of poets.
d. Friends from other people

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did my family do when I was thirteen?
a. moved out of Wales
b. went to a new school
c. moved out of Wales.
d. went to a new school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the area where my favorite place to play was out on hills?
a. expand his imagination
b. go to a new school
c. play in the hills.
d. play on mountains

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people live in a small village?
a. 42
b. 13
c. 12
d. 14

Correct Options is a.
Question: What animals do I live in?
a. ducks, goats and rabbits
b. rock music
c. Indian and Chinese food.
d. hens, cats and rabbits

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of my family's home?
a. lives in the countryside with his wife
b. is a small village
c. lives in a small village with his wife.
d. lives on the hills where his imagination was growing

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Zhang Fei's nationality?
a. China
b. China
c. Japan.
d. Japan

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where do I and He belong to?
a. in the same class
b. in the same class
c. near the teachers' office.
d. next to the teacher's office

Correct Options is a.
Question: What language does Mr. Read speak?
a. English teacher
b. Chinese
c. Chinese.
d. Chinese teacher

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Zhang Fei's nationality?
a. Chinese
b. Chinese
c. English.
d. American

Correct Options is a.
Question: What country is Mr. Read?
a. England
b. China
c. China.
d. China

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the final game of the team?
a. a basketball match
b. a basketball match
c. a basketball game.
d. a basketball tournament

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the students say about our team's mistakes?
a. they made mistakes
b. they made mistakes
c. they made mistakes.
d. they made mistakes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the final score of the basketball match?
a. 18:16
b. 12:9
c. 10:15.
d. 12:10

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the team learn about?
a. learning from failure can make one succeed
b. the importance of winning
c. how to make a good teammate.
d. what to do in the basketball final

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of animal does the Venus flytrap have?
a. plant
b. leaf
c. fly.
d. bird

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do some plants eat meat?
a. Because plants want to get what they need from animal meat.
b. Because they want to eat meat.
c. Because animals want to eat food for them and their friends, too!
d. Because animals want to get what they need from animal meat

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Mr. White walk to?
a. there's something wrong with his car
b. a taxi
c. he has a hamburger and orange juice.
d. he gets into the lift

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason Mr. White's office in Beijing?
a. must be very tired
b. has a lot of work to do
c. has no car.
d. has nothing

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where does Mr. White live?
a. is now in China
b. is now in America
c. has a long history.
d. lives on the 20th floor

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Mr White do when he gets to his office?
a. The lift is broken early in the morning.
b. He has to walk up the 20th floor.
c. The lift is broken early in the morning and then he gets out of it at once, so a lot works on time now!
d. He has only one hamburger for lunch

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main part of a world record in pumpkin carving?
a. Hard work.
b. Skills.
c. Design and new skills,
d. Drawings

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the winning time for Steve Clarke?
a. 24.03 seconds.
b. 19 seconds.
c. 74.8 second, and 20.1seconds in 2006.
d. 19.0

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is Steve Clark?
a. Clarke is from Pennsylvania.
b. Clarke is from Florida.
c. David's father, and his wife are in Pennsylvania!
d. Clarke is a carver of the pumpkin farm

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the study that Luke Dollar has spent many years in Madagascar studying lemurs?
a. Enjoyable.
b. Angry.
c. Unforgettable, and interesting!
d. Unbelievable

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the mom ask me for?
a. his mother promised to buy him some video games
b. his mother asked him to audition for a show in Birmingham
c. his mother asked him to do some stage productions.
d. his mother asked him to go everywhere doing photography

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where did Luke Dollar graduate?
a. At Duke University.
b. At the Alabama farm.
c. In Madagascar, where he studied photography for local paper and lemurs in high school."
d. At the Birmingham farm

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the country that Luke Dollar studied?
a. Luck doesn't think he can travel without soy sauce.
b. He is a photographer.
c. He is a professional actor in Madagascar and has a lot of experience at school, too!
d. He is a student from Duke University

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of hobby is there?
a. A kind of hobby.
b. A kind of hobby.
c. A kind of hobby, and a kind of hobby in the future!
d. A kind-of hobby with good reputations

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do they need to know about trains?
a. They keep a careful path of every train.
b. They are not modern.
c. They are not popular in Britain and the UK now, too!
d. They have a good reputation for their work

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the purpose of being able to write down numbers?
a. try to present a true picture of train-spotting
b. show the importance of train-fanning
c. tell people how to make trains faster and quicker.
d. give people a good idea about railways

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the movie that stars Ewan McGregor?
a. Train-spotting is more acceptable in America.
b. Train-fanning is a strange phenomenon in Britain.
c. Train-spotting is a strange phenomenon for people everywhere and anywhere else around the world, according to some experts' opinion of it all!
d. Train-spotting is not considered cool but cool

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who did Paul Bunyan live in?
a. people in poor areas in America
b. the people in the northeastern United States
c. his parents and fathers.
d. his parents

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Paul Bunyan's name?
a. a tree cutter
b. a man
c. he was born in Maine.
d. an earthquake

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Paul Bunyan's parents need to do as they were young?
a. he was a huge man who needed a lot of food for energy
b. he was a hero who cut down trees in North America
c. he was able to make more money than others.
d. he was a big man with a lot of food for energy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to the young Paul?
a. was afraid that Paul would cause another earthquake
b. was afraid that his parents would have to move him somewhere else
c. was afraid that his parents wouldn't have to take Paul into the woods.
d. was afraid that he would be killed by another earthquake

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Luke do?
a. Selling things to customers when he worked in the shop.
b. Selling things to the homeless people.
c. Visiting the waiter at a cafe on New Year's Day, 2014.
d. Writing down all his good deeds in 2015.

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did Luke Cameron start his work?
a. By doing many good deeds.
b. By helping the homeless people.
c. By making a decision in 2014.
d. By writing down all his good deeds

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Luke Cameron do every day?
a. Luke has done good deeds for over a year
b. He bought food and drink for homeless people
c. He set up a website to help the homeless.
d. He spent a few hours in helping a disabled lady pick out shirts

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Luke Cameron's job?
a. a newspaper
b. a newspaper
c. he wrote down all his good deeds.
d. a website

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Sam's nickname?
a. he lives in an old house
b. he is tall and strong
c. he is a girl called Mabel.
d. he lives in sand

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mabel tell him to do?
a. make money in the town
b. go to the town
c. go shopping in a restaurant.
d. go there for lunch

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Sam have to do for him?
a. post the money
b. drink a lot
c. drink some coffee.
d. go to the factory

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mr White ask him to drink?
a. the thief got Sam drunk.
b. Sam was hungry.
c. Sam drank some coffee with him, and then went to the post office for dinner at night!
d. The thief got Sam drunk in the morning

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did he do with his English family?
a. At first it was difficult for him to understand people.
b. He learned English at school.
c. His English was very different from what he learned in England and the dialects are quite strong, too!
d. It was difficult for him to understand people's language better than that of his school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are local habits and traditions similar to?
a. is not what he knew
b. are not the same
c. is not the same as what he knew.
d. is not the same as what he knew

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the idea to speak about the weather that disappeared many years ago?
a. it can be helpful
b. it can be interesting
c. it can be interesting.
d. it can be interesting

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between local habits and traditions?
a. They are not the same in different parts of Britain.
b. They are the same in all parts of Britain.
c. They are the same as what we knew at school and abroad, but they are the same for all British peoples to follow them now or then!
d. They are the same in all areas of Britain than in Wales

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Peter's opinion about the British people?
a. Peter doesn't like his life in Britain.
b. Peter is not interested in the weather.
c. The weather has changed a lot since they were born there before it disappeared at school, and that's not the same as what we knew when I came to England!
d. Peter doesn't like the living signs of his past

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the reason for German being able to leave?
a. she couldn't relax on the weekends
b. she was too busy to get gas
c. her husband died.
d. she was too tired

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did I have to leave German behind?
a. The writer was too busy that weekend to go find the dog's owner.
b. The writer was too busy that weekend to go for a picnic.
c. The writer was too busy on Monday night and had to drive off without the dog's owner at once, but it didn't work well enough now in time of danger!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the group that he had been working on?
a. A friend's strength
b. A friend's family
c. A housekeeper.
d. A dog

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do you never know when they will take care of an animal?
a. It is difficult to be a vet.
b. It is difficult to be a doctor.
c. It is not easy for you and your family members, too!
d. It is hard for you to be able to take care of an animal

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to some kids playing with an animal?
a. Some children threw it into the dog's mouth.
b. Some children threw it into the dog's mouth.
c. The animal got stuck in the dog's throat and the dog could not breathe easily, so they couldn'T take care of them all at once!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the dog's owner do?
a. He was more surprised than anyone else.
b. He was more careful than anyone else.
c. He was more careful with his work as a vet and he was very careful about it, too!
d. He was more careful when he was playing games

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the man do when he was in his pocket?
a. to appreciate art
b. to buy a jacket
c. not to buy anything.
d. to get his wife's jacket

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the clerk at a museum say about his wife?
a. was not born blind
b. was not brave
c. was not brave.
d. was a good friend

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the man pull out of a white object?
a. touched
b. scolded
c. sat down.
d. smelt

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the young couple chat nonstop with?
a. love between a couple
b. patience
c. courage of a couple.
d. love between a man and his wife

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the first day I volunteer?
a. a boy greeted him actively
b. a boy was invited to the school
c. he was encouraged by the audience.
d. if he wanted to be a volunteer, he was very busy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the time that I go to my favorite place?
a. His experience as a volunteer in a special summer school
b. His favorite summer school
c. His special time in a special summer School.
d. His experience as he is teaching children with autism

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where did the young man wake up one morning?
a. Under a bridge.
b. In a store.
c. At the old newspaper on the ground, and then went to sleep with his children in bed at night."
d. On the ground of he's house

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the old man buy as he sat down to eat?
a. Food.
b. Money.
c. Money and coins, too!
d. Money

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did the old man go to store?
a. By reading a newspaper.
b. By reading a newspaper.
c. By reading an advertisement on the ground, and then by himself to sleep at night!
d. By going back under the bridge

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the older man say about his money?
a. The young man thought the old man needed the coin more than he did.
b. The old man was very kind to the young man.
c. The old man was very clever and he didn't want to give it any more than he did in his pocket, too!
d. The money was worth 67,000 dollars by the time he left them eating

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the old man give him?
a. A Dirty Old Coin
b. A Good Newspaper
c. A Good Gift.
d. A Good Gift

Correct Options is a.
Question: How old am I?
a. Twelve
b. Thirteen
c. Twelve.
d. Sixty

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where was Amy born?
a. Beijing
b. England
c. America.
d. Shanghai

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of my father?
a. Peter
b. Millie
c. Amy.
d. Amy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of my father's job?
a. A doctor.
b. A doctor.
c. A teacher and a student in the school of Nanjing,
d. A teacher

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the size of my hair?
a. Tall and strong.
b. Long and short.
c. Short but strong,
d. Short

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who did Nicolai Vasilevich and his wife give the lemons to?
a. women
b. men
c. women.
d. men

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did Yulya' f pick the banana?
a. The writer tried to follow Russians~ behavior in Russia.
b. The writer was very polite.
c. The writer was very polite in Russia and he was very polite to the writer's friends there, too!
d. The writer was very happy with the meal at the end of her trip

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Yulya's and Nicolaui'm trying to do?
a. ask us to care about cultural differences
b. ask us to take a banana
c. ask us to take some of the bananas in the fruit basket.
d. ask us to peel bananas for ladies

Correct Options is a.
Question: What should the keyboard be when you work on a computer?
a. at elbow height
b. at eye level
c. roughly in a chair.
d. around the head

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do millions of college students, business travelers, telecommuters, video-gamers and growing numbers of office workers feel hurt?
a. for hours without stopping
b. for hours
c. in bed and on the floor.
d. at night

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do people still like laptops?
a. are more popular than the desktops
b. are more expensive
c. are more expensive than the desktops.
d. are more expensive

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a bad news for our bodies?
a. people feel pain in the body
b. people have headaches
c. people have a lot of headache.
d. people have a lot of headache

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the company that has a good reputation for being in office?
a. To keep healthy, you should use laptop computers.
b. To keep healthy, you should use laptops.
c. You should set your laptop on a desk or table for hours without stopping at once and then use one again in bed to keep healthy!
d. You should not use laptops anywhere else when you work

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many animals are there in India?
a. six
b. three
c. five.
d. six

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the price of a ticket?
a. $3.00
b. $2.00
c. $10.00.
d. $35.00

Correct Options is a.
Question: When does the zoo open?
a. 3:00pm Sunday
b. 10:00a.m--4:00p.m
c. 9:00a m-12:00pm Sunday
d. 3:00pm Saturday

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the tallest animal in Brazil?
a. tall
b. tall
c. tall.
d. small

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main goal of the zoo?
a. to keep the zoo clean
b. to see the animals
c. to give good food and go near them.
d. to get good food

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are two things you should follow first?
a. fruit and vegetable
b. water and milk
c. cold water.
d. eat different foods

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a great drink that can give you more calcium your body needs to grow strong bones?
a. Milk.
b. Water.
c. Milk and water as often as possible!
d. Cold water

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many hours a day can you not watch TV for?
a. five
b. two
c. four.
d. five

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the rules you should follow to be healthy?
a. You can eat your favourite food as much as possible.
b. You can eat different foods.
c. You can eat different food, especially fruit and vegetables!
d. You can eat different foods

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do you know?
a. How to be a healthy kid
b. How to eat different foods
c. How to get more nutrients.
d. How to be active every day

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has China's agricultural sector been impacted by the rise of house prices?
a. farmland is in danger
b. the country is becoming desert
c. the country's economy has been affected.
d. the country' lands are being polluted

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for China's farmland drop?
a. illegal land use
b. Pollution
c. The rise in house prices.
d. the lives of farmers

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many square kilometers of land has been polluted in China?
a. 2.67 million square kilometers.
b. 120 million square kilometers.
c. 121.8 million sq kilometers, and a lot of land is left in China's farmland now!
d. 120 million square kilometers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Midas do to help him get his golden touch?
a. the river
b. the water
c. his house.
d. his daughter

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did Tim hear someone shouting?
a. On a stormy day.
b. On a rainy day.
c. In August, 2011.
d. At noon

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did Tim feel about the boat?
a. To check his distance from the boys.
b. To look for a boat.
c. To watch the waves sink into water and swim to it in a straight line."
d. To ask the boys to take down the umbrella

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Tim's name?
a. Brave.
b. Worried.
c. Unfriendly, and brave!
d. Careless

Correct Options is a.
Question: How much did the waitress pay for ice cream?
a. fifteen cents dearer than
b. fifteen cents dearer than
c. twenty-fivecents higher Than
d. thirty cents lower than

Correct Options is a.
Question: How much did the waitress say about an ice cream?
a. Just fifty cents.
b. Five cents.
c. Thirty-fivecent coins, and five one-cent coined in it!
d. Five cents

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a 10-year-old boy do when they were sitting at their table?
a. He wanted to save some coins to tip the waitress.
b. He wanted to pay the bill.
c. He wanted to have a plain ice cream in it for his friends and relatives, too!
d. He wanted to make a reservation with the waitress

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the reason for the waitress's concerns?
a. a bit of shame
b. a little bit of money
c. a little bit of trouble.
d. a little boy's poor taste

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Chinatown?
a. the largest Chinatown in the USA
b. the largest Chinatown in the USA
c. the largest Chinesetown of the USA.
d. the largest Chinatown

Correct Options is a.
Question: What street is famous for its handbags?
a. Canal Street
b. Mott
c. Pell Street.
d. Doyers Street

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many restaurants are there in Chinatown?
a. More than 200
b. About 150,000
c. More than 200.
d. More than 200

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people visit the Chinesetown?
a. Only a few people from other countries visit Chinatown every day.
b. Only a few people from other countries visit Chinatown every day.
c. Only a few people from other countries visit Chinatown each day and then there are many Chinese things to do in the Chinesetown, too!
d. Only a few people from other countries visit Chinatown all day

Correct Options is a.
Question: What city is in the east of Manhattan?
a. New York City's Chinatown
b. Chinatown
c. Shanghai's Suzhou.
d. Canal Street

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the only way patients can get blood before being given transfusion?
a. a person needs to receive salt or plasma first
b. a person needs to receive salt or plasma first
c. he needs to receive salt and plasma before being given.
d. a person needs to receive salt or plasma as exactly as possible

Correct Options is a.
Question: What blood group can not receive AB?
a. B
b. O
c. A. and B
d. O

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most common group of people in a car accident?
a. Blood groups
b. Blood groups
c. Blood group O.
d. Blood groups

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the rule that students are allowed to do in Japan?
a. you can't have your hair dyed
b. you can't wear earrings
c. you can' t get to school on time.
d. you can' not get into the school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the school rules that most Japanese schools have?
a. About uniforms.
b. About school rules.
c. About the school gate shut in Japan, and not on the school bus at all!
d. About the school rules that students have to wear

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for a student not being allowed to leave school?
a. The students must get to school on time.
b. The school gate is closed.
c. The students don't like to go there at all!
d. The students don' t like to go home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does every school have?
a. Each school has its own rules.
b. All the school rules are similar.
c. All the school rules are different in Japan and America, but some are different from others around the world!
d. All the school rules are not allowed to dye hair or wear earrings

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long does John go to bed?
a. Six days a week.
b. Three days a week.
c. Five hours every day, and six weeks each month!
d. Six days per week

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does John always watch after he gets up?
a. He watches TV.
b. He watches TV.
c. He watches movies on television and radios at night, in the evening or at night a day later than before!
d. He watches TV for dinner

Correct Options is a.
Question: When does John get up early?
a. On Sunday evening.
b. On Sunday morning.
c. At midnight on Saturday afternoon, and after dinner at 8:00 in the bookshop!
d. After lunch

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does John do when he gets up early?
a. John exercises on Sundays.
b. He goes to the bookshop.
c. He watches TV on Saturdays and Sunday morning, at midnight or until noon in his spare time!
d. John goes back home after dinner

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way of learning English?
a. practicing
b. making
c. talking.
d. chatting

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way of learning English?
a. use it as often as you can.
b. Use it as much as you can.
c. Use it more often than you can in the future!
d. Use it as much as possible

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to learn English?
a. have a sense of humor.
b. Be afraid of making mistakes.
c. Make a lot more mistake than to be angry at your mistakes!
d. Be afraid of making mistakes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important rule for learning English?
a. not to be serious
b. to be angry
c. not to make mistakes.
d. to be afraid of making mistakes

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where did milk spill over his sandwich?
a. in the cafeteria
b. in the cafeteria
c. on a table.
d. at the restaurant

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a question that Elena was talking about?
a. the talent contest
b. Danny
c. the food contest.
d. the music

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Elena say about Danny's lunch tray?
a. do a dramatic reading
b. play the piano
c. play magic tricks.
d. get extra credit from Mrs. Pace

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the Internet game called?
a. Happy Farm.
b. The Internet.
c. The Garden Game of the Internet!
d. The Farm game

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Happy Farm?
a. On a farm of the Internet.
b. On a farm of the Internet.
c. In e-money on a farm in the office and students' house, there are many people who can't work at home or abroad to live with them all over America now than before!
d. On sand of the Internet for free

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are some of the reasons for a happy farm game?
a. Some people feel lonely and want to make friends.
b. Some people are afraid of facing the real world.
c. Some people have great fun _ others' vegetables because they needn't work on their farm, and some students spend too much time playing it at home!
d. Some people don'T like to play the game

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do many young people enjoy Happy Farm?
a. Because students spend too much time on the game.
b. Because they want to make friends.
c. Because they needn't work on the farm at all, and they don' <unk>t like it any more!
d. Because they have no money from the game

Correct Options is a.
Question: How old is Xiao Baiyou?
a. is 47 years old
b. is 47 years old
c. is 45years-old.
d. is 45 years old

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of children did Xiao Baiyou have?
a. All
b. All
c. Two.
d. Four

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Xiao tell others about his education idea?
a. children need strict rules
b. children need more money
c. children need strict rules.
d. children need to be joking

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Xiao Baiyou do to get his children to go to Pecking University?
a. the exams taken from Hong Kong is much easier
b. He is a 47-year-old Guangdong businessman
c. He is the best parent in the world.
d. He is a 47-year- old man

Correct Options is a.
Question: How old is Lucy?
a. 11
b. 7
c. 12
d. 11

Correct Options is a.
Question: What color did Lucy's mother buy to get her toothbrush?
a. Blue
b. Blue
c. Red.
d. Red

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who bought the toothbrush on Sunday?
a. Her mother .
b. Her friend.
c. She was in the school for 11 years now, and she is eleven Jahre old?
d. Her friend's mother

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where is Lucy's toothbrush made?
a. China
b. China
c. Japan.
d. China

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a school that Lucy has?
a. It's not cheap
b. It's beautiful
c. It's tenyuan.
d. It's not beautiful

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do many boys and girls love?
a. watching TV
b. reading books
c. playing games.
d. visiting friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do many parents allow them to watch television?
a. let their children watch TV only at special time
b. don't like watching TV
c. watch their children at special time.
d. watch their children only in the park

Correct Options is a.
Question: What can a kid learn from them?
a. good things and bad things
b. good things and bad ones
c. funny stories or bad things.
d. interesting things

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do many boys and girls think to watch TV?
a. it is interesting
b. it is interesting
c. it is boring.
d. it is funny

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do many boys and girls think about watching TV?
a. Something is good, but something is bad
b. It is interesting to watch TV.
c. It is interesting for children and their friends, but it is not important at all!
d. It is good if you watch TV

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the most boring lesson of all?
a. Maths.
b. Maths.
c. Mathematics, and mathses!
d. Maths

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did children do before Karl arrived?
a. The students didn't want to be the first to find Karl's mistakes.
b. They would listen to Karl and correct his mistakes.
c. The students didn't want to talk with Karl at all, but he didn'T know everything about it!
d. The students didn'd like to walk after Karl before school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Lewis feel sad about Karl?
a. He wanted to talk with Karl.
b. He wanted to walk after Karl.
c. He wanted to be a maths teacher in class!
d. He wanted to get some money from Karl

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the stupid thing that happened to a new math teacher?
a. Karl knew nothing about maths
b. Karl was very stupid
c. The other students were very stupid.
d. The new maths teacher didn't understand

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why are students encouraged to run on a corridor?
a. Because the corridor was built with special tiles.
b. Because they can run on the corridor.
c. Because they can use the corridor tiles to power their cars and other equipment in their classrooms, too!
d. Because they can only play with the lights or power an electric car

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many mobile devices can dancers charge while dancing on the dance floor?
a. over 800 mobile phones
b. 853 mobile phones
c. 7 miles.
d. 853 mobile phones

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Laurence Kemball-Cook's famous invention?
a. A special dance floor.
b. A special mobile phone.
c. A special car to drive seven miles in the corridor tiles, and electricity from the tiles is produced by students' parents."
d. A special electric car

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Laurenc Kemball-Cook's first name?
a. Laurence once studied in the British grammar school.
b. Laurence once worked in the British grammar school.
c. Laurenc was a student of his own company, and is CEO at that time?
d. Lauren C

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the mother of a woman write about her family in Ohio?
a. couldn't stand.
b. was tired.
c. hated the place in camp on the Mojave Desert, and there was sand everywhere!
d. was tired of the heat

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a woman do to live in camp on the Mojave Desert during war?
a. stay with her husband.
b. Go to school.
c. Go back home and go there for a rest in camp on the Mojave Desert during the war."
d. Go to school with her husband

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the new world open up to her after reading the article?
a. a change of attitude could change everything.
b. She was deep in thought.
c. The desert hadn't changed, but her attitude had."
d. She listened with the words her father sent

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the author of this article say was a change in attitude?
a. go on the work.
b. go to prison.
c. go on the work at night, and then write a book about it!
d. go to camp in the desert

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is lunch for many people?
a. big; quick
b. big; quick
c. big, quick.
d. small and fast

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where can students have a hot meal?
a. at school
b. in the school
c. at home.
d. outside

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the two things that people can buy at school?
a. Chicken.
b. Bread.
c. Coffee and sandwiches, but not lunch at school!
d. Tea

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long does it take to get a sandwich?
a. About two hours.
b. About two hours.
c. About three hours and a half weeks, to get some fruit from home!
d. About one hour

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where do students take a sandwich, drink and fruit?
a. at home
b. at school
c. in the street.
d. outside

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do pet owners feel guilty about their pets?
a. can't take pets along on business
b. can't go to the hotel
c. cannot take pets along on business.
d. have to go away from their pets

Correct Options is a.
Question: What furniture does The Pet Hotel offer?
a. color TVs and beds
b. beds and chairs
c. furniture for pets.
d. TVs,suitable beds

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do pets turn to?
a. enjoy their favorite TV programs
b. play music
c. watch TV programs.
d. watch TV shows

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do young people like hip-hop dancing?
a. they can invent their own moves
b. they feel good about life
c. they feel bad for life.
d. they are not afraid of problems

Correct Options is a.
Question: What two types of hip-hop dancing are popular with young people today?
a. A , B and C
b. They are afraid of problems.
c. They are not afraid to be themselves and enjoy life,and they are not afraid of problems."
d. They are not afraid of problems

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a popular hip-hop dance?
a. Young people use this dance to show their love for life.
b. It is a good way to exercise.
c. It is bad for their health,but it is not good at their health or health!
d. It first began in the US and Los Angles

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of dance is hip-hop dancing popular with many young people today?
a. Culture
b. Music
c. Dance.
d. Music

Correct Options is a.
Question: What time period did scientists study the eating behavior of children between 2 and 6?
a. Once
b. Three
c. Nine.
d. Four

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for kids snacking?
a. Because children in smaller groups eat slowly and eat less.
b. Because children in smaller groups eat more.
c. Because children in smaller groups eat less and eat less, too!
d. Because children in smaller groups eat less but eat less

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a part of the day for children of all age?
a. Snack Time
b. Snack Time
c. Snack time.
d. Snacks

Correct Options is a.
Question: In what country was the television reporter talking to three of most important people?
a. America
b. America
c. America.
d. America

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who did a television reporter talk to?
a. three men and one woman
b. two men and one woman
c. three men, four women or five brbai.
d. three men

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did a reporter do about people in America?
a. the reporter knew the way to find out who was the most important.
b. The reporter was talking to the President of the United States.
c. The reporter knew the way for the president's visit in America and the President would ask him a lot about it,he said?
d. The reporter knew the way to find out who was the most important

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where is Wendy from?
a. Australia.
b. America.
c. Australia, and Canada in the US!
d. Canada

Correct Options is a.
Question: What colors do I like?
a. Green and blue.
b. Red and yellow.
c. Green but blue, except red or yellow!
d. Green and white

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Wendy like?
a. Running.
b. Football.
c. Basketball and football, but not running at school!
d. Playing basketball with her sister in the afternoon

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a class that I have?
a. Everyone in Class Four likes Wendy.
b. Everyone in Class Three likes Wendy.
c. Everyone is in Class Four and everyone else likes Wendy, or anyone who has a cat at home?
d. Everyone in class likes Wendy

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who did Nick think was wrong?
a. a thief
b. a policeman
c. he was the boss of his office.
d. The man who was on duty

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the policeman say about him?
a. he thought Nick was one of their gang
b. he thought Nick was a clever man
c. he thought Nick was a good man.
d. he thought Nick was a bad man

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the policeman say was wrong?
a. Nick would keep silent about what happened for some time
b. The policeman would give the money to the gang
c. The policeman was not in sight.
d. The policeman would ask the gang for help

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Mr. Jackson like most?
a. talking with others
b. talking with others
c. going to the market.
d. going shopping

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was Mr. Jackson's job?
a. friend
b. friend
c. teacher.
d. teacher

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did Mr. Jackson go to the market?
a. after two o'clock
b. at six o'clock
c. after two hours.
d. before three minutes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Tom buy after he bought his second ticket?
a. the fourth ticket
b. the first ticket
c. the second tickets.
d. the third ticket

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Tom doing when he went to cinema?
a. it was the big boy's job
b. he bought a ticket
c. he bought ten tickets.
d. he bought dozens of tickets

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of worker did Tom buy?
a. a worker
b. a boy
c. ten people.
d. ten men

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Tom do one day to go to?
a. the little boy knew nothing about the cinema
b. the little boy bought a ticket
c. the little boy asked for another tickets.
d. the little boy asked for another ticket

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did Tom buy a ticket?
a. Tom was too young to make friends
b. Tom was too old to make friends
c. Tom was too young for his friend.
d. Tom was too poor

Correct Options is a.
Question: What must people have to do with their lifeboats?
a. hope
b. eat
c. sleep.
d. drink water

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the big fish do under one family's boat?
a. a fish bit holes in their boat
b. a fish bit holes in their boat
c. he bit holes on the boat.
d. swam under the boat

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason people cannot drink sea water?
a. we must have a strong desire to live when we are in danger.
b. We can't live in a lifeboat.
c. We can' not live without water for long time, and we can't drink it any more!
d. We can'T live with the people who are in danger

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happens to male elephants?
a. they lose a female in the family
b. they lose their family
c. they lose their daughters and grandmothers.
d. they lose their"wives'and sisters

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do elephants carry with them?
a. take a bit of the dead body away sadly
b. keep the dead body away
c. keep the dead bodies with them for a long time.
d. keep the dead body from the dead

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of animal does a bull elephant never have?
a. friendly
b. friendly
c. gentle.
d. kind

Correct Options is a.
Question: What are the names of the elephants?
a. females and sometimes a few young males
b. males and sometimes a few young male.
c. females,and sometimes fewer girls in the family."
d. old men but not women

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does a bull elephant do?
a. lives alone
b. keeps his daughters
c. stays with his family.
d. keeps his"wives and sisters

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the island say would happen to all of the people on it?
a. It would sink.
b. It would go down.
c. It would go up and down, but it wouldn't be there for long enough to stay at home!
d. It would take a long time

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Richness say about the island?
a. Yes, he did.
b. No, he did.
c. No, he didn't!
d. No, he did

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the person who stayed on an island say was not true?
a. Because Happiness didn't hear Love calling her.
b. Because Love was too busy to help.
c. Because Love was too tired for her and she didn't want to be alone with it any more!
d. Because Love was too sad that she couldn' t find the place where she lived

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Knowledge ask Love?
a. Time.
b. Sadness.
c. Richness, and Love's friends!
d. The elder

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of students are in the club l?
a. for students
b. for students
c. to play tennis.
d. for students

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the year that we have a music festival?
a. Fifteen.
b. Five.
c. Eighteen, and twenty-five to do so in the morning!
d. Twenty

Correct Options is a.
Question: On what date do we have two games?
a. October 20th
b. December 5th
c. October 23rd.
d. December 18t

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is a good time for students at our club?
a. Tim's mom can watch ball games in the club.
b. Tim can play tennis in the club.
c. Tim's mom can play basketball at home and there is a food store for them to have lunch or dinner here, on December 23rd."
d. Tim' parents can watch the games with Tim

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the key to getting over your culture shock?
a. People should give up their old culture in a new place.
b. People should keep in touch with home.
c. People should have your own style and stay in the same place as before, or not at all so long ago!
d. People should be able to live comfortably within their old culture

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many times do you say "hi" or smile at someone for the first time?
a. Five
b. Two
c. Five.
d. Six

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do people think you are friendly and easy to talk to?
a. By trying to smile more.
b. By saying something nice about people.
c. By talking to others first and then say something nice around you, or even talk with them again at once!
d. By talking to other people for the first time

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do people say to themselves "You did it!"
a. Each time after you smile at someone for the first time, you should buy yourself an ice cream.
b. You should smile at someone for the first time.
c. You should say something nice about people around you, but not to worry or care if people like you and don't want to keep talking with others before they talk there isn't any more in your mind!

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do you think is too shy and want a little more than others?
a. How to be outgoing?
b. How to be friendly?
c. How to make friends with others.
d. How to get along well with others

Correct Options is a.
Question: What country did a traveler come out of?
a. America
b. America
c. America.
d. America

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did the taxi driver give him 100 dollars?
a. he didn't want to spend his own money on the coming visit
b. he wanted to go home
c. he wanted to visit all the parks and museums.
d. he wanted to see his sister in New York

Correct Options is a.
Question: How much did the taxi driver give to him?
a. less than $ 100
b. 100
c. 200.
d. 200

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the taxi driver say he has in New York?
a. The driver's sister
b. The traveler
c. The driver's friend.
d. The man

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the taxi driver say was OK?
a. when he heard the traveler's last words
b. when he saw the traveler
c. after he saw the traveler's last words.
d. before he saw the man

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is John doing with his parents and friend from Australia?
a. watching a magic show
b. taking photos
c. drinking some juice.
d. going to the zoo

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is the cousin of Julia?
a. Andy
b. Megan
c. Lily.
d. Joy and Lingling

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where are Andy and his parents now visiting?
a. in the zoo
b. in the capital Stadium
c. at the capital stadium.
d. on the Internet

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is John's cousin?
a. Julia is from Australia.
b. Megan is from Australia.
c. Megan's grandparents are in the Unite States now and then, to visit them again at home."
d. Megan is from Australia

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Julia's birthday party?
a. A Happy Weekend.
b. A Magic Show.
c. A Taijiquan Class, and a Taijiquan class!
d. A Family Day in the Unite States

Correct Options is a.
Question: John lives on what farm?
a. farmers
b. farmers
c. farmers.
d. farmers

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why does John's parents not use animals?
a. help to do farm work
b. grow rice and corn
c. grow more crops.
d. grow more food

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does John like after he works in fields?
a. He sit down and looks at the blue sky and the green hills.
b. He sits down and looks at the blue sky.
c. He sits up to look for birds singing in his work, there is a way of walking with him."
d. He can hear birds sing when he walks

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does John believe in his dog?
a. he thinks the country is more beautiful than the city
b. he thinks the country is more beautiful than the city
c. he thinks the country is better and better.
d. he thinks the country is not very big

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of dog does John think he can't hear?
a. funny
b. funny
c. interesting.
d. friendly

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people are in Mary's family?
a. five
b. four
c. five.
d. six

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where is Wang Hao now?
a. Beijing
b. New York
c. New York.
d. New York

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do you have a problem with your parent?
a. Because her parents can't understand her.
b. Because her parents don't like her.
c. Because her parents aren' t good at music and music, too!
d. Because she doesn'm not allowed to stay out as late as her friends do

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do parents give you?
a. less freedom
b. more freedom
c. less money.
d. fewer money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do you think should be done to your children?
a. Discuss her problem with her parents.
b. Ask her parents to help.
c. Tell them what they want and believe you'll do so, too!
d. Ask her parents to stop doing whatever she finds strange

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do you think your parents will find?
a. Angel should show her parents that she is a responsible person.
b. Angel should be different from other teenagers.
c. Angel should make her parents understand him and his friends' looks better than him or her at all?
d. Angel should tell her parents that she is a good teacher

Correct Options is a.
Question: When do middle school students stay at home?
a. on Saturday and Sunday
b. from Monday to Friday
c. on Saturday and Sunday.
d. at night

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of food does a middle school student like to watch TV?
a. Vegetables.
b. Fish.
c. Chicken and fish, but not meats or fruits at school!
d. Fish

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important thing that middle school students should eat?
a. do enough sport every day
b. eat more vegetables and fruit
c. eat more fruits.
d. eat more meat

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the above?
a. All of the above.
b. The name of the school.
c. All the above and all those below, in a letter or in a newspaper!
d. All the above

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do middle school students usually go to home?
a. From Monday to Friday, some students watch TV from morning to night.
b. From Monday to Friday, some students watch TV from Monday.
c. On Saturday and Sunday they don't like watching TV at all in school or on weekends with their parents every day!
d. They don' <unk>t know it's bad for their eyes

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the hallway windows at Hangzhou Entel Foreign Language School?
a. The corridor windows there are all decorated with beautiful paper cutting art.
b. The corridor windows there are all decorated with beautiful paper cutting art.
c. The hallway windows there are all decorated with beautiful paper cutting art and stickers on them, but they are not just for decoration at all!
d. The corridor windows there are all decorated with beautiful paper cutting art

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who was the student at Hangzhou Entel Foreign Language School?
a. Chen Ziton
b. Fan Ming
c. Shi Jiawei.
d. Wu Qian

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the school do to help students with their work?
a. It can organize a paper cutting art competition.
b. It can make students more patient.
c. It can create many works like bears and magpies, or even a display wall to show them' work."
d. It can design a delicate paper cutting work with scissors

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did the yellow leaves dance?
a. in autumn
b. in autumn
c. at night.
d. in summer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What color did the yellow leaves appear in?
a. colourful
b. dark
c. yellow.
d. blue

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the girl who played violin?
a. A Special Friend in a Special Autumn
b. A Young Girl in a Special Autumn
c. A Young Woman who played violin.
d. A Young Girl with a Special Father

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did John and Jim get married?
a. find it hard to pay for what they need
b. have to buy furniture for their living room
c. needn't make a house at all.
d. don'T know how to make furniture

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do the Koses want to do?
a. make or repair things
b. make furniture
c. buy or buy things.
d. build and repair furniture

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for a do-it-yourself trend in the US?
a. keeps house and looks after his children
b. is a big city
c. is a country with many people.
d. has more jobs than his children

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Jim Hatfield get in the car repair course?
a. his car repairs cost too much
b. he got married six months ago.
c. he was able to fix the car himself at home and in a shoe-making factory."
d. he had to do everything his parents can save money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do you need for a "do-it-yourself"?
a. Go to classes and read books.
b. Go to a school and buy furniture.
c. Go to a school or a shoe-making factory, but not a car repair course at home!
d. Go to a DIY class for those who don't have time

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people were injured by the fire?
a. Very few.
b. Many.
c. Some people in Alberta and Canada to help them with the fire itself, but it has been harmful for the community now or then!
d. Many people from other parts of Canada have been helping by sending money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Labatt do?
a. He filled thousands of cans with water and sent them to the people in Fort McMurray.
b. He took in people from Fort McMurray.
c. He held special concerts with the money going to Fort McMurraypeople and companies have been helping, as well."
d. He sent money and beer to the Red Cross for free

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the wildfire that started on May 1?
a. A big fire in Fort McMurray of Canada.
b. A big fire in Fort McMurray of Canada.
c. A small fire near the town of Fort McMurray, Alberta and Calgary to Vancouver for free!
d. A large fire on the ground at Fort McMurray

Correct Options is a.
Question: How did Little Kids Rock teach children to play music?
a. By training teachers for music classes.
b. By teaching them to read notation.
c. By giving them a lot of free instruments out, mostly guitars and writing their own music in the classroom!
d. By giving students some lessons on how to play with friends

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the key of Little Kids Rock?
a. it encourages kids to experience music
b. it helps students to learn music
c. it teaches kids how to play songs.
d. it encourages students to perform in bands

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for Little Kids Rock?
a. Teaching in a proper way does good to students' development.
b. It is a popular music program.
c. It has helped many schools to teach students how to play songs in the classrooms, and performing at concerts for them."
d. It helps students to learn more about music than before

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a good news for people who like singing?
a. sing well
b. use your iPod
c. practise more.
d. use your iPhone

Correct Options is a.
Question: What changed a lot?
a. see people dance to the music
b. the way people listened to music
c. the way people listened and heard muzic.
d. the way people listened

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happens when people don't like singing?
a. When you sing, you may get a mark from the devices.
b. You can't use the iPod or iPhone.
c. You can' t sing well with your friends and family members in the company Apple, too!
d. You can only use your iPod to practise more than you would like it

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do you know how?
a. How people will use the iPod or iPhone to sing.
b. How people can sing.
c. How people can use the iPod or iPhone to practise more and better, too?
d. How people can use the iPod or iPhone for singing

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for you to play sports?
a. We should take pleasure in doing sports.
b. We should be champions.
c. We should try hard in sports and do well at school, too!
d. We should have a sense of achievement

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do many people think sports are just for honor and winning?
a. To win or to gain?
b. To win or to lose?
c. To win and to gain.
d. To win, but to win

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mike see in the city park?
a. met an old lady
b. a granny
c. pigeons.
d. a granny

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mike say about Brittany?
a. she liked the little boy
b. she liked the little boy
c. she liked her son very much.
d. she liked the little boy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of Mike's grandma?
a. happy
b. happy
c. sad.
d. angry

Correct Options is a.
Question: What happened to Little Mike's grandmas?
a. Mike missed his grandma.
b. Mike was ill.
c. Mike was ill and died of cancer in the hospital, too!
d. Mike was ill with his grandma's disease

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is in the centre of London?
a. a small lake
b. a small town
c. ten miles from London.
d. a big shopping mall

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the air in my home town?
a. fresh and clean
b. small and beautiful
c. warm but warm.
d. clean

Correct Options is a.
Question: On what day do I go to the youth centre?
a. Friday
b. Monday
c. Friday.
d. Saturday

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do I ride to school?
a. by bike
b. by bike
c. on foot.
d. by bus

Correct Options is a.
Question: How far away does the city go?
a. It is about two hours away from Kitty's home town to London by train.
b. It's about two hours away from Kitty.
c. It's about two hours away to London by train and on foot in the city centre of England, at least one hour out there for a week."
d. It'll be about two hours away from Kitty' home town

Correct Options is a.
Question: What country did the son of a soldier die?
a. The US.
b. The US.
c. The USA and the US in Vietnam, to which he was killed by a soldier's illness at home."
d. The United States

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of the person who fought in Vietnam?
a. The soldier himself.
b. The soldier's parents.
c. The son and his father, who were killed in the fighting."
d. The boy himself

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why did the son of Vietnam call him?
a. Because he didn't want to be a burden for his parents.
b. Because he wanted to find a way for his parents.
c. Because he wanted to meet his friends in San Francisco and Vietnam, too!
d. Because he wanted to know what the police thought was suicide

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the San Francisco police believe was suicide?
a. We can't judge a person by his appearance.
b. We can't judge a person by his appearance.
c. We can only judge if we are good-looking or fun people in the world, and they can' not be as healthy nor smartly at all!
d. We should never let someone like the young man live with us

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who help us find a hotel?
a. Some policemen.
b. Some people.
c. Some tourists and tourists!
d. Some teachers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the big room in Paris?
a. bathroom
b. art
c. art.
d. Eiffel Tower

Correct Options is a.
Question: What looks like the Eiffel Tower from a far place?
a. Cool.
b. Beautiful.
c. Easy to find a hotel in it!
d. Good

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do we feel difficult to find a hotel?
a. The writer thinks food is not cheap in Paris.
b. The hotel is on the sixth floor.
c. The policemen help us to climb up the stairs in Paris!
d. The city is very beautiful and it has some wonderful pieces of art there

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do we feel difficult?
a. Paris is not a good place to travel
b. It is not the most romantic city
c. The Eiffel Tower looks so cool from a far place.
d. The weather is always good

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the trip Jake and Mum take to get to airport?
a. Excited.
b. Excited.
c. Exciting, and excited!
d. Excited

Correct Options is a.
Question: What kind of animal does Jake hold?
a. A toy animal
b. A dog
c. A dog.
d. A dog

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the people of different ages get to have breakfast?
a. Different foods or sometimes none.
b. Different food.
c. Different foods or sometimes none of them, and often no breakfast at all!
d. Different foods but not all the same for lunch

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do people think will help you lose weight if they have no breakfast?
a. They show that breakfast has affected on work and studies.
b. They show that breakfast has affected people's health.
c. They show that breakfast is good for people to eat at noon and a lot of food in class, too!
d. They show that they have no breakfast before going to school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason people become so hungry at noon that they eat too much for lunch?
a. To gain weight.
b. To work better.
c. To learn more quickly in class, and listen more carefully to others' opinions."
d. To have fruit for lunch

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most likely factor for a teenage driver to die?
a. A teenager driving after midnight with passengers in the car.
b. A teenager driving alone.
c. A teenager with three or more passengers in the car, and a teenage driver's death rate increases greatly after 10 p.m."
d. A teenager driving only at midnight without passengers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Robert Foss believe the higher death rates for teenage drivers have less to do with?
a. their lack of driving experience
b. their stupid behavior
c. their lack of driving experience.
d. their poor driving skills

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the sole standard of the academy's selection?
a. literature.
b. literature.
c. literary features and personality,
d. literary diversity

Correct Options is a.
Question: When did Mo receive the Nobel Prize?
a. In December
b. In December
c. At last.
d. In September

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Mo think of him as "a normal citizen"?
a. He still considered he was an ordinary citizen who writes.
b. He still considered he was an ordinary citizen who writes.
c. He still thought he was an ordinary citizen and writes well in his work as usual, too!
d. He still believed he was an ordinary citizen who writes

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who was Mo?
a. He is the Australian Ambassador to China
b. He is the first Nobel winner in literature
c. He is the first American poet to win a prize.
d. He is the only person who has won the prize

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did he believe was the driving force behind the prize?
a. Mo's success will promote Chinese writers.
b. The prize will be a mirror.
c. The prize will reflect the real people's attitudes about Mo and his success, too."
d. The prize will not be based on awards or criticism of readers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Jim and Andy's stop?
a. They are waiting for the bus.
b. They are waiting for the bus.
c. They are waiting to buy some new books and books in their house, there is a stop at that time of year's day!
d. They are waiting for the bus

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the book that Jim and Andy want?
a. They might go to a bookstore.
b. They might buy a book.
c. They may buy some new books for them to read in the bus stop and wait at the bus station, there is no bus here or there!
d. They might go to eat something from the bus stops

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of Jim's man?
a. a thief
b. a tall man
c. he is the tallest one.
d. He's a big boy

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who does Jim and Andy call the thief?
a. actors
b. a man
c. a boy.
d. the tall man

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is standing at the bus stop waiting for a new book?
a. Jim and Andy like helping others
b. Jim and Andy are waiting for the bus
c. Jim is running past them.
d. The short man runs over

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the area where there are about 80,000,000 mine?
a. mines
b. mines
c. rnines.
d. rnines

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of animal was the s<unk>ng rats?
a. patient
b. clever
c. s <unk>ng-like.
d. friendly

Correct Options is a.
Question: How long was the first time a rats were familiar with humans?
a. Nine months.
b. Four weeks.
c. Two months and a half ago, 2011.
d. Three days

Correct Options is a.
Question: How many people were killed in the mine?
a. Each day about 200 people were killed or hurt by mines,
b. Each day about 50 people were killed by mines.
c. Every day more than 80 million people died in the minefield, and a half of them are children'mongering at home or abroad to live there alone with their parents."
d. The deminers were killed when they were in the mine

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Tom's mother?
a. an English teacher
b. a Chinese student
c. he is an English teacher.
d. He is ill

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who is Tom's favorite food?
a. his mother
b. his father
c. Wang Lin.
d. His mother

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Tom think he doesn't like Sichuan food?
a. it is too hot
b. it is delicious
c. it is too cold.
d. it is too hot

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does Tom's father do?
a. they like Chinese food
b. they like Chinese food
c. they like Chinese foods.
d. they like Chinese food

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a good friend?
a. Lin Tao sits behind Chen Hai.
b. Lin Tao and Chen Hai.
c. Lin Ta O'clock, Beijing or Shanghai? .
d. Lin Tai

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do Lin Tao and Chen Hai often go to after school?
a. They play games.
b. They play games.
c. They play basketball and volleyball, they play football or soccer game

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do Lin Tao and Chen Hai go to play games after school?
a. Because they can't look after their things well.
b. Because they are in the same team.
c. Because they don't have watches at all, and they can see the clock on the wall of the classroom now it's about five hours later than before!
d. Because they want to play games with their mothers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do they have to do for their mother's watch?
a. They can ask the man under the big tree.
b. They can see the clock on the wall of the classroom.
c. They can put on their clothes and go home in the afternoon, too!
d. They can look after their things very well

Correct Options is a.
Question: When does Lin Tao and Chen Hai sit behind?
a. At about 5 p. m.
b. At about 4 p. m,
c. Around 5 p. n and at about 6 p. m."
d. At about 5 p. d

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did her mother do when she wore it?
a. The girl wanted to be more beautiful, so she decided to wear the hair clip.
b. She wanted to be more beautiful.
c. The girl wanted to be more beautiful, so she decided to wear it again and then back home after school at night."
d. She wanted to make friends with her classmates

Correct Options is a.
Question: What two girls were in the same class as her mother?
a. Both A, B, and C
b. Both A, B and C
c. None of them.
d. All of them

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did her mother say she had never worn to school?
a. the girl was not self-confident enough at first.
b. The girl was not as beautiful.
c. The girl was not so beautiful at all, and nobody liked her very much!
d. The girl was too shy to talk with others

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did her mother do to make a girl feel about the hair clip?
a. she was always unhappy but that day she was so happy.
b. She was always happy but that day she was so happy.
c. She was always unhappy and that day she was so sad to be happy with her hair clip!
d. She was always angry because she was too busy at school

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did her mother say she was happy with?
a. The most important is how we think about ourselves.
b. The most beautiful things are always.
c. The more beautiful we are, the better our lives will be in time and again."
d. The less beautiful we are

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Brocky's name?
a. a tiger in need of adoption
b. a tiger in need of food
c. an animal that needs parents.
d. ten tiger who needs to be adopted

Correct Options is a.
Question: What has the Natural Zoo given people a chance of adopting animals?
a. its food is too expensive for one person to afford
b. it is too expensive for one person to afford
c. it is too expensive and expensive.
d. it has a lot of animals

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Brocky's nickname?
a. excited and happy
b. excited and happy
c. excited but sad.
d. proud

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is Brocky's name?
a. live without being hungry
b. be a happy tiger
c. be able to eat as much food.
d. be a happy tiger

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the reason for Brocky's adoption?
a. many people are kind to animals
b. he is a happy tiger
c. he has many adopted parents.
d. he has been able to eat as much food

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do you save?
a. By keeping money in a bank.
b. By taking away your money.
c. By taking out your savings immediately, before spending any of the money in a store or shop for free at once!
d. By keeping some money into your hands and from a job

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the first step you should take to get into a saving habit?
a. make sure it's necessary
b. keep it in your pocket
c. put it into your hands.
d. take away your money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important thing that can happen if you donT have it?
a. doesn't spend money quickly and carelessly now
b. spends much money every day
c. doesn't have enough time to buy anything.
d. doesn' t have enough money

Correct Options is a.
Question: What type of newspaper would be nice to a person?
a. A newspaper
b. A newspaper
c. A magazine.
d. A newspaper

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the best way to develop good saving habits?
a. save money regularly as well as spending
b. save money as much time and energy
c. keep your savings out immediately.
d. take away your saving before spending

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did he do to make his phone call?
a. Soon after he made the telephone call.
b. Before he made the phone call.
c. After he made the telephone call, and then called him to do so!
d. When he made the phone call at night

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Dad say he was like?
a. happy
b. happy
c. sad.
d. sorry

Correct Options is a.
Question: How far away was I from my bed?
a. a thousand miles away
b. a thousand miles away
c. a thousand miles from my home.
d. a thousand miles to my mother

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did he say about him?
a. his father did well.
b. he was very shy.
c. his father was very kind to him and he was very kind-hearted at all times!
d. his mother was very rude when she was late for the flight

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the writer do to change pain?
a. the writer will change pain into power.
b. the writer will change pain into power.
c. the writer will change pain to power and become a leader in life, too!
d. the writer will change pain from strength through strength

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the word for "give"?
a. Love.
b. Health.
c. Health and a long life, too!
d. Money can cause brothers to quarrel

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the difference between money and happiness?
a. You may have a long life even if you are poor.
b. You may have a long life even if you are rich.
c. You may have fewer friends than others in the world, and they will be happy with your money soon after it comes to you!
d. You may have a good relationship between money and happiness

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does money mean?
a. Money is important, but not the most important.
b. Money is important, but not the most valuable.
c. Money is important and not the most important in life or death of a person's wealth!
d. Money is nothing to do with happiness

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Li Ruyan do?
a. He helped the traffic police at a crossroad.
b. He helped the traffic police at a crossroad.
c. He helped the traffic police in Shanghai to stop people from jaywalking, and kept order for them all over China now."
d. He helped the traffic police keep order with the traffic officers

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Li's school say was a great thing?
a. Ruyan and his classmates think it is good for them to do some community work.
b. They wanted to make more friends.
c. They wanted to help others in the city and the city of Shanghai, too!
d. They wanted to get more community service from China

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the Chinese community work for?
a. is very important in school education in some foreign countries.
b. is a kind of community service.
c. is very important in school education for teenagers around the world, too!
d. is an interesting part of school education to students from all over the world

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Li and his classmates do?
a. The students in Sichuan sent Spring Festival couplets to the old people.
b. They worked in groups with traffic police at different crossroads.
c. The students stopped people from jaywalking by themselves and keeping order for them to keep order, too."
d. They helped keep order while keeping order

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do students receive a lot of money from their school?
a. Students will be awarded much money for doing more community work in Canada and the US.
b. Students will be awarded much money for doing more community work in Canada and the US.
c. Students will be awarded a lot of money to do more community work at school than before, too!
d. Students will receive much money from their school because they can do more community work

Correct Options is a.
Question: When was Billy Ray Harris walking along the street?
a. On February 10th,2013.
b. On February 9th,2013.
c. In the morning of January 18, 2013.
d. At noon on March 18th

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Sarah do to help her find?
a. Billy bought a diamond ring.
b. Billy bought a diamond ring.
c. Billy gave her a diamond ring to the homeless man, and then returned it for him in time of need!
d. Billy gave her a diamond ring with all her coins

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Billy Ray Harris give to her?
a. Homeless Man Returned Diamond Ring
b. A New Diamond Ring
c. A New Diamond ring to the homeless man.
d. A New Diamond Ring for the homeless man

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the boy do when they were walking in the mountains?
a. he hurt himself and felt bad
b. he was walking in the mountains.
c. he was walking with his father and his father."
d. he was walking on foot

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the boy say about him?
a. he was laughed at by someone else in the mountain
b. He was angry with his father
c. he was surprised at the voice of the man in the mountain.
d. he was very angry about the voice

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did he do when he was angry?
a. show more examples to his son before giving him the answer
b. ask his son to listen.
c. ask him to do something for himself and the boy's father."
d. ask him to do more exercises before giving him the answer

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the boy hear to his surprise?
a. repeating voice
b. shouting
c. a loud voice.
d. a loud voice

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did he do when he was walking in the mountains?
a. the father had his own way to teach his son.
b. The father was very angry with his son.
c. The boy was very angry at the voice of the man's words and said "Ilove you".
d. The mother was very angry when he heard the voice repeating."

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Jack do to his professor at university?
a. he didn't pass the exams
b. he didn't go to the university
c. he didn'T know Napoleon was dying.
d. he didn' Tough enough

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did the professor ask him to do?
a. to let Jack pass his exam s that time
b. to let Jack go on his studies
c. To let Jack go for the next year's study.
d. to let Jack go back home

Correct Options is a.
Question: What was the name of his first year at university?
a. Jack's second year in university
b. Jack's first year in university
c. Jack and his father.
d. Jack, a good boy

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Jack have to learn at the end of his first year?
a. he didn't do well in his history
b. he was too poor to study history
c. he didn't have enough time for his studies.
d. he had no time in his studies

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Jack's father say was impossible?
a. No pain, no gain.
b. No pain, no gain.
c. No pain and no gain!
d. No pain or gain

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did Benjamin Franklin do in his essay?
a. one should work hard all one's life
b. one should work hard all his life
c. one should do more than others' lives.
d. one should try hard to make a man healthy and wise

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one of the most famous sayings that Franklin wrote?
a. appears in Franklin's books
b. is a character of Franklin's
c. is the most important man in the United States.
d. is a character about the importance of hard work

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of the essay that Franklin wrote about?
a. if you want to do something valuable , do it at once
b. if you want to make money, try hard
c. when you want to do something valuable.
d. if you want to do something important

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do people go to work on foot?
a. they live near their workplaces.
b. They like riding bikes.
c. They like to work by boat and bike in the south of China,way from their houses there!
d. They like to ride bikes

Correct Options is a.
Question: Why do some people go to work by bike?
a. they live far away from their workplaces.
b. They like riding bikes.
c. They like riding bike bicycles and bikes to work on foot,way or by boat at home!
d. They like riding bikes in different ways

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do people go to work?
a. by car
b. by bike
c. on foot.
d. by boat

Correct Options is a.
Question: How do people in the south of China go to work?
a. by boat
b. by bike
c. on foot.
d. by bus

Correct Options is a.
Question: When do people work?
a. weekdays
b. Mondays
c. Friday.
d. Sunday

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do real robots look like?
a. They have many different looks.
b. They are different.
c. They are different from people's ones, and they are different in shape!
d. They are different with the jobs they do

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do robots do?
a. Robots like singing and dancing.
b. Robots like dancing.
c. Robots like playing games and dancing, but they don't work well with people at all!
d. Robots like working according to people' orders

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the main reason for robots being controlled?
a. Because they are controlled by people.
b. Because they are not easy to draw.
c. Because they are very expensive and dangerous for us all the time!
d. Because they can work according to people's orders

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the result of robots?
a. They make life more comfortable for us.
b. They make us feel more comfortable.
c. They make us feel more comfortable and happy in life!
d. They make us feel more relaxed

Correct Options is a.
Question: What did people do when they were hungry?
a. found people felt hungry during the long wait between the two meals.
b. found people were hungry during the long wait between the two meals.
c. invited some friends to join in an afternoon meal of four and five o <unk>clock, or so on for lunch at home with their friends there!
d. asked people what they would like when they were in coffeehouses

Correct Options is a.
Question: What does the word "Will you come for coffee?" mean?
a. will be asked to have a chat with him or her
b. will be offered wine at a "coffee" party
c. will be asked what you would like to drink.
d. will be asked what you would like

Correct Options is a.
Question: What cultures share a love for fine tea?
a. English Tea and Coffee Culture
b. Chinese Tea and Coffee Culture
c. British tea culture but Chinese coffee cultures.
d. Chinese Tea, Coffee Cultural Culture

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one way to remember when you talk about friendships?
a. Talk with them and give some help.
b. Talk with them and make a decision.
c. Tell them what makes them good friends, too!
d. Give them some advice on how to make if they hurt you

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the most important point to remember when you talk about friendships with your teens?
a. Point 6.
b. Point 5.
c. Point 6.
d. Point 7.

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is the name of a friend that can help you to make friends with your teens?
a. Lies.
b. Honesty.
c. Honesties and forgivenesss, too!
d. Honesty

Correct Options is a.
Question: Who must give their teens freedom in choosing who they want to hang out with?
a. Parents.
b. Teachers.
c. Teenagers and teachers,
d. Parents

Correct Options is a.
Question: What is one thing that can help you decide on friendship?
a. Teenagers are allowed to have many friends.
b. Parents can teach their teens to hang out with.
c. Parents can give their teenagers some freedom in choosing their friends and not be taught by their parents, or teachers at school for free!
d. Teenagers can make the final decision if they want to hang out with others

Correct Options is a.
Question: Where is the name of the country that I am writing to you in English?
a. In England.
b. In England.
c. In England, in the USA and Canada!
d. In America

Correct Options is a.
Question: What do weekends have?
a. No classes.
b. No games.
c. No games at all, and no games in the evenings!
d. No movies on weekends

Correct Options is a.
